EUR-Lex - 32008R1272 - EN 

Important legal notice 

| 

32008R1272

Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures, amending and repealing Directives 67/548/EEC and 1999/45/EC, and amending Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 (Text with EEA relevance) 

Official Journal L 353 , 31/12/2008 P. 0001 - 1355

Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council
of 16 December 2008
on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures, amending and repealing Directives 67/548/EEC and 1999/45/EC, and amending Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006
(Text with EEA relevance)
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community, and in particular Article 95 thereof,
Having regard to the proposal from the Commission,
Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee [1],
Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty [2],
Whereas:
(1) This Regulation should ensure a high level of protection of human health and the environment as well as the free movement of chemical substances, mixtures and certain specific articles, while enhancing competitiveness and innovation.
(2) The efficient functioning of the internal market for substances, mixtures and those articles can be achieved only if the requirements applicable to them do not differ significantly between Member States.
(3) A high level of human health and environmental protection should be ensured in the approximation of legislation on the criteria for classification and labelling of substances and mixtures, with the goal of achieving sustainable development.
(4) Trade in substances and mixtures is an issue relating not only to the internal market, but also to the global market. Enterprises should therefore benefit from the global harmonisation of rules for classification and labelling and from consistency between, on the one hand, the rules for classification and labelling for supply and use and, on the other hand, those for transport.
(5) With a view to facilitating worldwide trade while protecting human health and the environment, harmonised criteria for classification and labelling have been carefully developed over a period of 12 years within the United Nations (UN) structure, resulting in the Globally Harmonised System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals (hereinafter referred to as "the GHS").
(6) This Regulation follows various declarations whereby the Community confirmed its intention to contribute to the global harmonisation of criteria for classification and labelling, not only at UN level, but also through the incorporation of the internationally agreed GHS criteria into Community law.
(7) The benefits for enterprises will increase as more countries in the world adopt the GHS criteria in their legislation. The Community should be at the forefront of this process to encourage other countries to follow and with the aim of providing a competitive advantage to industry in the Community.
(8) Therefore it is essential to harmonise the provisions and criteria for the classification and labelling of substances, mixtures and certain specific articles within the Community, taking into account the classification criteria and labelling rules of the GHS, but also by building on the 40 years of experience obtained through implementation of existing Community chemicals legislation and maintaining the level of protection achieved through the system of harmonisation of classification and labelling, through Community hazard classes not yet part of the GHS as well as through current labelling and packaging rules.
(9) This Regulation should be without prejudice to the full and complete application of Community competition rules.
(10) The objective of this Regulation should be to determine which properties of substances and mixtures should lead to a classification as hazardous, in order for the hazards of substances and mixtures to be properly identified and communicated. Such properties should include physical hazards as well as hazards to human health and to the environment, including hazards to the ozone layer.
(11) This Regulation should, as a general principle, apply to all substances and mixtures supplied in the Community, except where other Community legislation lays down more specific rules on classification and labelling, such as Council Directive 76/768/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to cosmetic products [3], Council Directive 82/471/EEC of 30 June 1982 concerning certain products used in animal nutrition [4], Council Directive 88/388/EEC of 22 June 1988 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to flavourings for use in foodstuffs and to source materials for their production [5], Council Directive 89/107/EEC of 21 December 1988 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning food additives authorised for use in foodstuffs intended for human consumption [6], Council Directive 90/385/EEC of 20 June 1990 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to active implantable medical devices [7], Council Directive 93/42/EEC of 14 June 1993 concerning medical devices [8], Directive 98/79/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 October 1998 on in vitro diagnostic medical devices [9], Commission Decision 1999/217/EC of 23 February 1999 adopting a register of flavouring substances used in or on foodstuffs drawn up in application of Regulation (EC) No 2232/96 of the European Parliament and of the Council [10], Directive 2001/82/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 November 2001 on the Community code relating to veterinary medicinal products [11], Directive 2001/83/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 November 2001 on the Community code relating to medicinal products for human use [12], Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 28 January 2002 laying down the general principles and requirements of food law, establishing the European Food Safety Authority and laying down procedures in matters of food safety [13] and Regulation (EC) No 1831/2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 September 2003 on additives for use in animal nutrition [14] or except where substances and mixtures are transported by air, sea, road, rail or inland waterways.
(12) The terms and definitions used in this Regulation should be consistent with those set out in Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2006 concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) [15], with those set out in the rules governing transport and with the definitions specified at UN level in the GHS, in order to ensure maximum consistency in the application of chemicals legislation within the Community in the context of global trade. The hazard classes specified in the GHS should be set out in this Regulation for the same reason.
(13) It is especially appropriate to include those hazard classes defined in the GHS which specifically take account of the fact that the physical hazards which may be exhibited by substances and mixtures are to some extent influenced by the way in which they are released.
(14) The term "mixture" as defined in this Regulation should have the same meaning as the term "preparation" previously used in Community legislation.
(15) This Regulation should replace Council Directive 67/548/EEC of 27 June 1967 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances [16] as well as Directive 1999/45/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 1999 concerning the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations [17]. It should maintain the overall current level of protection of human health and the environment provided by those Directives. Therefore, some hazard classes which are covered by those Directives but are not yet included in the GHS should be maintained in this Regulation.
(16) Responsibility for the identification of hazards of substances and mixtures and for deciding on their classification should mainly lie with manufacturers, importers and downstream users of those substances or mixtures, regardless of whether they are subject to the requirements of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006. In fulfilling their responsibilities for classification, downstream users should be allowed to use the classification of a substance or mixture derived in accordance with this Regulation by an actor in the supply chain, provided that they do not change the composition of the substance or mixture. Responsibility for classification of substances not placed on the market that are subject to registration or notification under Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 should mainly lie with the manufacturers, producers of articles and importers. However, there should be a possibility to provide for harmonised classifications of substances for hazard classes of highest concern and of other substances on a case-by-case basis which should be applied by all manufacturers, importers and downstream users of such substances and of mixtures containing such substances.
(17) Where a decision has been taken to harmonise the classification of a substance for a specific hazard class or differentiation within a hazard class by including or revising an entry for that purpose in Part 3 of Annex VI to this Regulation, the manufacturer, importer and downstream user should apply this harmonised classification, and only self-classify for the remaining, non-harmonised hazard classes or differentiations within the hazard class.
(18) To ensure that customers receive information on hazards, suppliers of substances and mixtures should ensure that they are labelled and packaged in accordance with this Regulation before placing them on the market, according to the classification derived. In fulfilling their responsibilities downstream users should be allowed to use the classification of a substance or mixture derived in accordance with this Regulation by an actor in the supply chain, provided that they do not change the composition of the substance or mixture, and distributors should be allowed to use the classification of a substance or mixture derived in accordance with this Regulation by an actor in the supply chain.
(19) To ensure information on hazardous substances is available when they are included in mixtures containing at least one substance that is classified as hazardous, supplemental labelling information should be provided, where applicable.
(20) While a manufacturer, importer or downstream user of any substance or mixture should not be obliged to generate new toxicological or eco-toxicological data for the purpose of classification, he should identify all relevant information available to him on the hazards of the substance or mixture and evaluate its quality. The manufacturer, importer or downstream user should also take into account historical human data, such as epidemiological studies on exposed populations, accidental or occupational exposure and effect data, and clinical studies. That information should be compared with the criteria for the different hazard classes and differentiations in order for that manufacturer, importer or downstream user to arrive at a conclusion as to whether or not the substance or mixture should be classified as hazardous.
(21) While the classification of any substance or mixture may be carried out on the basis of available information, the available information to be used for the purposes of this Regulation should preferably have been generated in accordance with the test methods referred to in Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006, transport provisions or international principles or procedures for the validation of information, so as to ensure quality and comparability of the results and consistency with other requirements at international or Community level. The same test methods, provisions, principles and procedures should be followed where the manufacturer, importer or downstream user chooses to generate new information.
(22) To facilitate hazard identification for mixtures, manufacturers, importers and downstream users should base this identification on the data for the mixture itself, where available, except for mixtures with carcinogenic, germ cell mutagenic or reproductive toxic substances, or where the biodegradation or bioaccumulation properties in the hazard class hazardous to the aquatic environment are evaluated. In those cases, as the hazards of the mixture cannot be sufficiently assessed in a manner that is based on the mixture itself, the data for the individual substances of the mixture should normally be used as a basis for the hazard identification of the mixture.
(23) If sufficient information is available on similar tested mixtures, including relevant ingredients of the mixtures, it is possible to determine the hazardous properties of an untested mixture by applying certain rules known as "bridging principles". Those rules allow characterisation of the hazards of the mixture without performing tests on it, but rather by building on the available information on similar tested mixtures. Where no or inadequate test data are available for the mixture itself, manufacturers, importers and downstream users should therefore follow the bridging principles to ensure adequate comparability of results of the classification of such mixtures.
(24) Specific industry sectors may establish networks to facilitate exchange of data and bring together expertise in the evaluation of information, test data, weight of evidence determinations and bridging principles. Such networks may support manufacturers, importers and downstream users within those industry sectors, and in particular small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the fulfilment of their obligations under this Regulation. Those networks may also be used to exchange information and best practices with a view to simplifying fulfilment of the notification obligations. Suppliers making use of such support should remain fully responsible for the fulfilment of their classification, labelling and packaging responsibilities under this Regulation.
(25) The protection of animals falling within the scope of Council Directive 86/609/EEC of 24 November 1986 on the approximation of laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States regarding the protection of animals used for experimental and other scientific purposes [18] is of high priority. Accordingly, where the manufacturer, importer or downstream user chooses to generate information for the purposes of this Regulation, they should first consider means other than testing on animals within the scope of Directive 86/609/EEC. Tests on non-human primates should be prohibited for the purposes of this Regulation.
(26) The test methods in Commission Regulation (EC) No 440/2008 of 30 May 2008 laying down test methods pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) [19] are regularly reviewed and improved with a view to reducing testing on vertebrate animals and the number of animals involved. The European Centre for the Validation of Alternative Methods (ECVAM) of the Commission's Joint Research Centre plays an important role in the scientific assessment and validation of alternative test methods.
(27) The classification and labelling criteria set out in this Regulation should take the utmost account of promoting alternative methods for the assessment of hazards of substances and mixtures and of the obligation to generate information on intrinsic properties by means other than tests on animals within the meaning of Directive 86/609/EEC as laid down in Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006. Future criteria should not become a barrier to this aim and the corresponding obligations under that Regulation, and should under no circumstances lead to the use of animal tests where alternative tests are adequate for the purposes of classification and labelling.
(28) For the purposes of classification, data should not be generated by means of testing on humans. Available, reliable epidemiological data and experience with regard to the effects of substances and mixtures on humans (e.g. occupational data and data from accident databases) should be taken into account and may be given priority over data derived from animal studies when they demonstrate hazards not identified from those studies. The results of animal studies should be weighed against the results of data from humans and expert judgement should be used to ensure the best protection of human health when evaluating both the animal and human data.
(29) New information as regards physical hazards should always be necessary, except if the data are already available or if a derogation is provided for in this Regulation.
(30) Testing that is carried out for the sole purpose of this Regulation should be carried out on the substance or mixture in the form(s) or physical state(s) in which the substance or mixture is placed on the market and in which it can reasonably be expected to be used. It should, however, be possible to use, for the purpose of this Regulation, the results of tests that are carried out to comply with other regulatory requirements, including those laid down by third countries, even if the tests were not carried out on the substance or mixture in the form(s) or physical state(s) in which it is placed on the market and in which it can reasonably be expected to be used.
(31) If tests are performed, they should comply where appropriate with the relevant requirements for the protection of laboratory animals, set out in Directive 86/609/EEC, and, in the case of ecotoxicological and toxicological tests, good laboratory practice, set out in Directive 2004/10/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 February 2004 on the harmonisation of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the application of the principles of good laboratory practice and the verification of their application for tests on chemical substances [20].
(32) The criteria for classification in different hazard classes and differentiations should be set out in an annex, which should also contain additional provisions as to how the criteria may be met.
(33) Recognising that the application of the criteria for the different hazard classes to information is not always straightforward and simple, manufacturers, importers and downstream users should apply weight of evidence determinations involving expert judgement to arrive at adequate results.
(34) Specific concentration limits for substances should be assigned to a substance by a manufacturer, importer or downstream user in accordance with the criteria referred to in this Regulation, provided the manufacturer, importer or downstream user is able to justify the limits and informs the European Chemicals Agency (hereinafter referred to as "the Agency") accordingly. However, specific concentration limits should not be set for harmonised hazard classes or differentiations for substances included in the harmonised classification and labelling tables annexed to this Regulation. Guidance should be provided by the Agency for the purpose of setting the specific concentration limits. In order to ensure uniformity, specific concentration limits should also be included, where appropriate, in cases of harmonised classifications. Specific concentration limits should take precedence over any other concentration limit for the purpose of classification.
(35) Multiplying factors (M-factors) for substances classified as hazardous to the aquatic environment, acute category 1 or chronic category 1, should be assigned to a substance by a manufacturer, importer or downstream user in accordance with the criteria referred to in this Regulation. Guidance should be provided by the Agency for the purpose of setting the M-factors.
(36) For reasons of proportionality and workability, generic cut-off values should be defined, both for identified impurities, additives and individual constituents of substances and for substances in mixtures, specifying when information on these should be taken into account in determining the hazard classification of substances and mixtures.
(37) To ensure adequate classification of mixtures, available information on synergistic and antagonistic effects should be taken into account for the classification of mixtures.
(38) Manufacturers, importers and downstream users should re-evaluate the classifications of substances or mixtures they place on the market if they become aware of new adequate and reliable scientific or technical information that may affect those classifications or if they change the composition of their mixtures, to ensure that the classification is based on up-to-date information, unless there is sufficient evidence that the classification would not change. Suppliers should update the labels accordingly.
(39) Substances and mixtures classified as hazardous should be labelled and packaged according to their classification, so as to ensure appropriate protection and to provide essential information to their recipients, by drawing their attention to the hazards of the substance or mixture.
(40) The two instruments foreseen by this Regulation to be used to communicate the hazards of substances and mixtures are labels and the safety data sheets provided for in Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006. Of these two, the label is the only tool for communication to consumers, but it may also serve to draw the attention of workers to the more comprehensive information on substances or mixtures provided in safety data sheets. Since the provisions on safety data sheets are included in Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 which uses the safety data sheet as the main communication tool within the supply chain of substances, it is appropriate not to duplicate the same provisions in this Regulation.
(41) To ensure proper and comprehensive information provision to consumers on the hazards and safe use of chemicals and mixtures, the use and dissemination of Internet sites and free-phone numbers should be promoted, particularly in connection with information provision on specific types of packaging.
(42) Workers and consumers worldwide would benefit from a globally harmonised hazard communication tool in the form of labelling. Therefore, the elements to be included in labels should be specified in accordance with the hazard pictograms, signal words, hazard statements and precautionary statements which form the core information of the GHS. Other information included in labels should be limited to a minimum and should not call into question the main elements.
(43) It is essential that the substances and mixtures placed on the market are well identified. However, the Agency should allow enterprises, upon their request and where necessary, to describe the chemical identity of certain substances in a way that does not put the confidential nature of their businesses at risk. Where the Agency refuses such a request, an appeal should be allowed in accordance with this Regulation. The appeal should have a suspensive effect, so that the confidential information with regard to which the request has been made, should not appear on the label while the appeal is pending.
(44) The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) is a long-standing global authority on chemical nomenclature and terminology. Identification of substances by their IUPAC name is widespread practice worldwide and provides the standard basis for identifying substances in an international and multilingual context. It is therefore appropriate to use these names for the purposes of this Regulation.
(45) The Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) provides a system whereby substances are added to the CAS Registry and are assigned a unique CAS Registry Number. Those CAS numbers are used in reference works, databases, and regulatory compliance documents throughout the world to identify substances without the ambiguity of chemical nomenclature. It is therefore appropriate to use the CAS numbers for the purposes of this Regulation.
(46) To limit the information on the label to the most essential information, principles of precedence should determine the most appropriate label elements for cases in which substances or mixtures possess several hazardous properties.
(47) Council Directive 91/414/EEC of 15 July 1991 concerning the placing of plant protection products on the market [21] and Directive 98/8/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 February 1998 concerning the placing of biocidal products on the market [22] should remain fully applicable to any product within their scope.
(48) Statements such as "non-toxic", "non-harmful", "non-polluting", "ecological" or other statements indicating that the substance or mixture is not hazardous or any other statements that are inconsistent with its classification should not appear on the label or packaging of any substance or mixture.
(49) In general, substances and mixtures, especially those supplied to the general public, should be supplied in packaging together with the necessary labelling information. The supply of appropriate information between professionals, including for unpackaged substances and mixtures, is ensured by Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006. However, in exceptional circumstances, substances and mixtures may also be supplied to the general public unpackaged. Where appropriate, relevant labelling information should be supplied to the general public by other means, such as an invoice or bill.
(50) Rules for the application of labels and the location of information on labels are necessary to ensure that the information on labels can be easily understood.
(51) This Regulation should set general packaging standards, in order to ensure the safe supply of hazardous substances and mixtures.
(52) The resources of the authorities should be focused on substances of the highest concern with regard to health and to the environment. Provision should therefore be made to enable competent authorities and manufacturers, importers and downstream users to submit proposals to the Agency for a harmonised classification and labelling of substances classified for carcinogenicity, germ cell mutagenicity or reproductive toxicity categories 1A, 1B or 2, for respiratory sensitisation, or in respect of other effects on a case-by-case basis. The competent authorities of Member States should also be able to propose harmonised classification and labelling for active substances used in plant protection products and biocidal products. The Agency should give its opinion on the proposal while interested parties should have an opportunity to comment. The Commission should submit a draft decision on the final classification and labelling elements.
(53) In order to take full account of the work and experience accumulated under Directive 67/548/EEC, including the classification and labelling of specific substances listed in Annex I of Directive 67/548/EEC, all existing harmonised classifications should be converted into new harmonised classifications using the new criteria. Moreover, as the applicability of this Regulation is deferred and the harmonised classifications in accordance with the criteria of Directive 67/548/EEC are relevant for the classification of substances and mixtures during the ensuing transition period, all existing harmonised classifications should also be placed unchanged in an annex to this Regulation. By subjecting all future harmonisations of classifications to this Regulation, inconsistencies in harmonised classifications of the same substance under the existing and the new criteria should be avoided.
(54) In order to achieve the efficient functioning of the internal market for substances and mixtures, while at the same time ensuring a high level of protection for human health and the environment, rules should be established for a classification and labelling inventory. The classification and labelling for any registered or hazardous substance placed on the market should therefore be notified to the Agency to be included in the inventory.
(55) The Agency should study the possibilities for further simplification of the notification procedure in particular taking into account the needs of SMEs.
(56) Different manufacturers and importers of the same substance should make every effort to agree on a single classification for that substance except for hazard classes and differentiations subject to a harmonised classification for that substance.
(57) To ensure a harmonised level of protection for the general public, and, in particular, for persons who come into contact with certain substances, and the proper functioning of other Community legislation relying on classification and labelling, an inventory should record the classification in accordance with this Regulation agreed, if possible, by manufacturers and importers of the same substance, as well as decisions taken at Community level to harmonise the classification and labelling of some substances.
(58) The information included in the classification and labelling inventory should benefit from the same degree of accessibility and protection as that afforded by Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006, especially with regard to information which, if disclosed, risks jeopardising the commercial interests of those concerned.
(59) Member States should appoint the competent authority or competent authorities responsible for proposals for harmonised classification and labelling and the authorities responsible for the enforcement of the obligations set out in this Regulation. Member States should put in place effective monitoring and control measures in order to ensure compliance with this Regulation.
(60) It is important to provide advice to suppliers and any other interested parties, in particular SMEs, on their respective responsibilities and obligations under this Regulation. The national helpdesks already established under Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 may act as the national helpdesks provided for under this Regulation.
(61) In order for the system established by this Regulation to operate effectively, it is important that there should be good cooperation and coordination between the Member States, the Agency and the Commission.
(62) In order to provide focal points for information on hazardous substances and mixtures, Member States should appoint bodies responsible for receiving information relating to health and to the chemical identity, components and nature of substances, including those for which the use of an alternative chemical name has been allowed in accordance with this Regulation, in addition to the competent authorities for the application and the authorities responsible for the enforcement of this Regulation.
(63) The responsible bodies, where requested by a Member State, may undertake statistical analysis to identify where improved risk management measures might be needed.
(64) Regular reports by the Member States and the Agency on the operation of this Regulation should be an indispensable means of monitoring the implementation of chemicals legislation as well as trends in this field. Conclusions drawn from findings in the reports should be useful and practical tools for reviewing the Regulation and, where necessary, for formulating proposals for amendments.
(65) The Forum for the exchange of information on enforcement in the Agency, established by Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006, should also exchange information about the enforcement of this Regulation.
(66) In order to ensure transparency, impartiality and consistency in the level of enforcement activities by Member States, it is necessary for Member States to set up an appropriate framework with a view to imposing effective, proportionate and dissuasive penalties for non-compliance with this Regulation, as non-compliance can result in damage to human health and the environment.
(67) Rules should be laid down requiring advertisements for substances meeting the criteria for classification set out in this Regulation to mention the associated hazards, in order to protect recipients of substances, including consumers. Advertisements for mixtures classified as hazardous that allow a member of the general public to conclude a contract for purchase without first having sight of the label should mention the type or types of hazard indicated on the label, for the same reason.
(68) A safeguard clause should be provided to address situations where a substance or a mixture constitutes a serious risk to human health or the environment, even if, in compliance with this Regulation, it is not classified as hazardous. Should such a situation occur, action at the UN level may be necessary in view of the global nature of trade in substances and mixtures.
(69) While many of the obligations on enterprises laid down in Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 are triggered by classification, this Regulation should not alter the scope and impact of that Regulation, except for its provisions on safety data sheets. To ensure this, that Regulation should be amended accordingly.
(70) The application of this Regulation should be staggered to allow all parties involved, authorities, enterprises as well as stakeholders, to focus resources on preparing for new duties at the right times. Therefore, and because the classification of mixtures depends on the classification of substances, the provisions for the classification of mixtures should only be applied after the reclassification of all substances. Operators should be allowed to apply the classification criteria contained in this Regulation earlier on a voluntary basis, but in that case to avoid confusion the labelling and packaging should comply with this Regulation instead of Directives 67/548/EEC or 1999/45/EC.
(71) To avoid unnecessary burdens on enterprises, substances and mixtures which are already in the supply chain when the labelling provisions of this Regulation become applicable to them may continue to be placed on the market without relabelling for a certain period of time.
(72) Since the objectives of this Regulation, namely harmonising the classification, labelling and packaging rules, providing an obligation to classify and establishing a harmonised list of substances classified at Community level as well as a classification and labelling inventory, cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States and can therefore be better achieved at Community level, the Community may adopt measures, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty. In accordance with the principle of proportionality, as set out in that Article, this Regulation does not go beyond what is necessary in order to achieve those objectives.
(73) This Regulation observes the fundamental rights and principles which are acknowledged in particular in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union [23].
(74) This Regulation should contribute to the fulfilment of the Strategic Approach to International Chemical Management (SAICM) adopted on 6 February 2006 in Dubai.
(75) Subject to developments at UN level, the classification and labelling of persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic (PBT) and very persistent and very bioaccumulative (vPvB) substances should be included in this Regulation at a later stage.
(76) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission [24].
(77) In particular, the Commission should be empowered to adapt this Regulation to technical and scientific progress, including incorporating amendments made at UN level to the GHS, in particular any such UN amendments relating to the use of information on similar mixtures. In carrying out such adaptations to technical and scientific progress the biannual working rhythm at UN level should be taken into account. Furthermore, the Commission should be empowered to decide on the harmonised classification and labelling of specific substances. Since those measures are of general scope and are designed to amend non-essential elements of this Regulation, they must be adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure with scrutiny provided for in Article 5a of Decision 1999/468/EC.
(78) When, on imperative grounds of urgency, the normal time limits for the regulatory procedure with scrutiny cannot be complied with, the Commission should be able to apply the urgency procedure provided for in Article 5a(6) of Decision 1999/468/EC for the adoption of adaptations to technical progress.
(79) The Commission should also for the purposes of this Regulation be assisted by the Committee established by Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006, with a view to ensuring a consistent approach to the updating of chemicals legislation,
HAVE ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
TITLE I
GENERAL ISSUES
Article 1
Purpose and scope
1. The purpose of this Regulation is to ensure a high level of protection of human health and the environment as well as the free movement of substances, mixtures and articles as referred to in Article 4(8) by:
(a) harmonising the criteria for classification of substances and mixtures, and the rules on labelling and packaging for hazardous substances and mixtures;
(b) providing an obligation for:
(i) manufacturers, importers and downstream users to classify substances and mixtures placed on the market;
(ii) suppliers to label and package substances and mixtures placed on the market;
(iii) manufacturers, producers of articles and importers to classify those substances not placed on the market that are subject to registration or notification under Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(c) providing an obligation for manufacturers and importers of substances to notify the Agency of such classifications and label elements if these have not been submitted to the Agency as part of a registration under Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(d) establishing a list of substances with their harmonised classifications and labelling elements at Community level in Part 3 of Annex VI;
(e) establishing a classification and labelling inventory of substances, which is made up of all notifications, submissions and harmonised classifications and labelling elements referred to in points (c) and (d).
2. This Regulation shall not apply to the following:
(a) radioactive substances and mixtures within the scope of Council Directive 96/29/Euratom of 13 May 1996 laying down basic safety standards for the protection of the health of workers and the general public against the danger arising from ionising radiation [25];
(b) substances and mixtures which are subject to customs supervision, provided that they do not undergo any treatment or processing, and which are in temporary storage, or in a free zone or free warehouse with a view to re-exportation, or in transit;
(c) non-isolated intermediates;
(d) substances and mixtures for scientific research and development, which are not placed on the market, provided they are used under controlled conditions in accordance with Community workplace and environmental legislation.
3. Waste as defined in Directive 2006/12/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 April 2006 on waste [26] is not a substance, mixture or article within the meaning of Article 2 of this Regulation.
4. Member States may allow for exemptions from this Regulation in specific cases for certain substances or mixtures, where necessary in the interests of defence.
5. This Regulation shall not apply to substances and mixtures in the following forms, which are in the finished state, intended for the final user:
(a) medicinal products as defined in Directive 2001/83/EC;
(b) veterinary medicinal products as defined in Directive 2001/82/EC;
(c) cosmetic products as defined in Directive 76/768/EEC;
(d) medical devices as defined in Directives 90/385/EEC and 93/42/EEC, which are invasive or used in direct physical contact with the human body, and in Directive 98/79/EC;
(e) food or feeding stuffs as defined in Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 including when they are used:
(i) as a food additive in foodstuffs within the scope of Directive 89/107/EEC;
(ii) as a flavouring in foodstuffs within the scope of Directive 88/388/EEC and Decision 1999/217/EC;
(iii) as an additive in feeding stuffs within the scope of Regulation (EC) No 1831/2003;
(iv) in animal nutrition within the scope of Directive 82/471/EEC.
6. Save where Article 33 applies this Regulation shall not apply to the transport of dangerous goods by air, sea, road, rail or inland waterways.
Article 2
Definitions
For the purpose of this Regulation, the following definitions shall apply:
1. "hazard class" means the nature of the physical, health or environmental hazard;
2. "hazard category" means the division of criteria within each hazard class, specifying hazard severity;
3. "hazard pictogram" means a graphical composition that includes a symbol plus other graphic elements, such as a border, background pattern or colour that is intended to convey specific information on the hazard concerned;
4. "signal word" means a word that indicates the relative level of severity of hazards to alert the reader to a potential hazard; the following two levels are distinguished:
(a) "Danger" means a signal word indicating the more severe hazard categories;
(b) "Warning" means a signal word indicating the less severe hazard categories;
5. "hazard statement" means a phrase assigned to a hazard class and category that describes the nature of the hazards of a hazardous substance or mixture, including, where appropriate, the degree of hazard;
6. "precautionary statement" means a phrase that describes recommended measure(s) to minimise or prevent adverse effects resulting from exposure to a hazardous substance or mixture due to its use or disposal;
7. "substance" means a chemical element and its compounds in the natural state or obtained by any manufacturing process, including any additive necessary to preserve its stability and any impurity deriving from the process used, but excluding any solvent which may be separated without affecting the stability of the substance or changing its composition;
8. "mixture" means a mixture or solution composed of two or more substances;
9. "article" means an object which during production is given a special shape, surface or design which determines its function to a greater degree than does its chemical composition;
10. "producer of an article" means any natural or legal person who makes or assembles an article within the Community;
11. "polymer" means a substance consisting of molecules characterised by the sequence of one or more types of monomer units. Such molecules must be distributed over a range of molecular weights wherein differences in the molecular weight are primarily attributable to differences in the number of monomer units. A polymer comprises the following:
(a) a simple weight majority of molecules containing at least three monomer units which are covalently bound to at least one other monomer unit or other reactant;
(b) less than a simple weight majority of molecules of the same molecular weight.
In the context of this definition a "monomer unit" means the reacted form of a monomer substance in a polymer;
12. "monomer" means a substance which is capable of forming covalent bonds with a sequence of additional like or unlike molecules under the conditions of the relevant polymer-forming reaction used for the particular process;
13. "registrant" means the manufacturer or the importer of a substance or the producer or importer of an article submitting a registration for a substance under Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
14. "manufacturing" means production or extraction of substances in the natural state;
15. "manufacturer" means any natural or legal person established within the Community who manufactures a substance within the Community;
16. "import" means the physical introduction into the customs territory of the Community;
17. "importer" means any natural or legal person established within the Community who is responsible for import;
18. "placing on the market" means supplying or making available, whether in return for payment or free of charge, to a third party. Import shall be deemed to be placing on the market;
19. "downstream user" means any natural or legal person established within the Community, other than the manufacturer or the importer, who uses a substance, either on its own or in a mixture, in the course of his industrial or professional activities. A distributor or a consumer is not a downstream user. A re-importer exempted pursuant to Article 2(7)(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall be regarded as a downstream user;
20. "distributor" means any natural or legal person established within the Community, including a retailer, who only stores and places on the market a substance, on its own or in a mixture, for third parties;
21. "intermediate" means a substance that is manufactured for and consumed in or used for chemical processing in order to be transformed into another substance (hereinafter referred to as "synthesis");
22. "non-isolated intermediate" means an intermediate that during synthesis is not intentionally removed (except for sampling) from the equipment in which the synthesis takes place. Such equipment includes the reaction vessel, its ancillary equipment, and any equipment through which the substance(s) pass(es) during a continuous flow or batch process as well as the pipework for transfer from one vessel to another for the purpose of the next reaction step, but it excludes tanks or other vessels in which the substance(s) are stored after the manufacture;
23. "the Agency" means the European Chemicals Agency established by Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
24. "competent authority" means the authority or authorities or bodies established by the Member States to carry out the obligations arising from this Regulation;
25. "use" means any processing, formulation, consumption, storage, keeping, treatment, filling into containers, transfer from one container to another, mixing, production of an article or any other utilisation;
26. "supplier" means any manufacturer, importer, downstream user or distributor placing on the market a substance, on its own or in a mixture, or a mixture;
27. "alloy" means a metallic material, homogeneous on a macroscopic scale, consisting of two or more elements so combined that they cannot be readily separated by mechanical means; alloys are considered to be mixtures for the purposes of this Regulation;
28. "UN RTDG" means the United Nations Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods;
29. "notifier" means the manufacturer or the importer, or group of manufacturers or importers notifying to the Agency;
30. "scientific research and development" means any scientific experimentation, analysis or chemical research carried out under controlled conditions;
31. "cut-off value" means a threshold of any classified impurity, additive or individual constituent in a substance or in a mixture, above which threshold these shall be taken into account for determining if the substance or the mixture, respectively, shall be classified;
32. "concentration limit" means a threshold of any classified impurity, additive or individual constituent in a substance or in a mixture that may trigger classification of the substance or the mixture, respectively;
33. "differentiation" means distinction within hazard classes depending on the route of exposure or the nature of the effects;
34. "M-factor" means a multiplying factor. It is applied to the concentration of a substance classified as hazardous to the aquatic environment acute category 1 or chronic category 1, and is used to derive by the summation method the classification of a mixture in which the substance is present;
35. "package" means the complete product of the packing operation, consisting of the packaging and its contents;
36. "packaging" means one or more receptacles and any other components or materials necessary for the receptacles to perform their containment and other safety functions;
37. "intermediate packaging" means packaging placed between inner packaging, or articles, and outer packaging.
Article 3
Hazardous substances and mixtures and specification of hazard classes
A substance or a mixture fulfilling the criteria relating to physical hazards, health hazards or environmental hazards, laid down in Parts 2 to 5 of Annex I is hazardous and shall be classified in relation to the respective hazard classes provided for in that Annex.
Where, in Annex I, hazard classes are differentiated on the basis of the route of exposure or the nature of the effects, the substance or mixture shall be classified in accordance with such differentiation.
Article 4
General obligations to classify, label and package
1. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall classify substances or mixtures in accordance with Title II before placing them on the market.
2. Without prejudice to the requirements of paragraph 1, manufacturers, producers of articles and importers shall classify those substances not placed on the market in accordance with Title II where:
(a) Articles 6, 7(1) or (5), 17 or 18 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 provide for registration of a substance;
(b) Articles 7(2) or 9 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 provide for notification.
3. If a substance is subject to harmonised classification and labelling in accordance with Title V through an entry in Part 3 of Annex VI, that substance shall be classified in accordance with that entry, and a classification of that substance in accordance with Title II shall not be performed for the hazard classes or differentiations covered by that entry.
However, where the substance also falls within one or more hazard classes or differentiations not covered by an entry in Part 3 of Annex VI, classification under Title II shall be carried out for those hazard classes or differentiations.
4. Where a substance or mixture is classified as hazardous, suppliers shall ensure that the substance or mixture is labelled and packaged in accordance with Titles III and IV, before placing it on the market.
5. In fulfilling their responsibilities under paragraph 4, distributors may use the classification for a substance or mixture derived in accordance with Title II by an actor in the supply chain.
6. In fulfilling their responsibilities under paragraphs 1 and 4, downstream users may use the classification of a substance or mixture derived in accordance with Title II by an actor in the supply chain, provided that they do not change the composition of the substance or mixture.
7. A mixture referred to in Part 2 of Annex II that contains any substance classified as hazardous shall not be placed on the market, unless it is labelled in accordance with Title III.
8. For the purposes of this Regulation, the articles referred to in section 2.1 of Annex I shall be classified, labelled and packaged in accordance with the rules for substances and mixtures before being placed on the market.
9. Suppliers in a supply chain shall cooperate to meet the requirements for classification, labelling and packaging in this Regulation.
10. Substances and mixtures shall not be placed on the market unless they comply with this Regulation.
TITLE II
HAZARD CLASSIFICATION
CHAPTER 1
Identification and examination of information
Article 5
Identification and examination of available information on substances
1. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users of a substance shall identify the relevant available information for the purposes of determining whether the substance entails a physical, health or environmental hazard as set out in Annex I, and, in particular, the following:
(a) data generated in accordance with any of the methods referred to in Article 8(3);
(b) epidemiological data and experience on the effects on humans, such as occupational data and data from accident databases;
(c) any other information generated in accordance with section 1 of Annex XI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(d) any new scientific information;
(e) any other information generated under internationally recognised chemical programmes.
The information shall relate to the forms or physical states in which the substance is placed on the market and in which it can reasonably be expected to be used.
2. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall examine the information referred to in paragraph 1 to ascertain whether it is adequate, reliable and scientifically valid for the purpose of the evaluation pursuant to Chapter 2 of this Title.
Article 6
Identification and examination of available information on mixtures
1. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users of a mixture shall identify the relevant available information on the mixture itself or the substances contained in it for the purposes of determining whether the mixture entails a physical, health or environmental hazard as set out in Annex I, and, in particular, the following:
(a) data generated in accordance with any of the methods referred to in Article 8(3) on the mixture itself or the substances contained in it;
(b) epidemiological data and experience on the effects on humans for the mixture itself or the substances contained in it, such as occupational data or data from accident databases;
(c) any other information generated in accordance with section 1 of Annex XI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 for the mixture itself or the substances contained in it;
(d) any other information generated under internationally recognised chemical programmes for the mixture itself or the substances contained in it.
The information shall relate to the forms or physical states in which the mixture is placed on the market and, when relevant, in which it can reasonably be expected to be used.
2. Subject to paragraphs 3 and 4, where the information referred to in paragraph 1 is available for the mixture itself, and the manufacturer, importer or downstream user has ascertained that information to be adequate and reliable and where applicable, scientifically valid, that manufacturer, importer or downstream user shall use that information for the purposes of the evaluation pursuant to Chapter 2 of this Title.
3. For the evaluation of mixtures pursuant to Chapter 2 of this Title in relation to the "germ cell mutagenicity", "carcinogenicity" and "reproductive toxicity" hazard classes referred to in sections 3.5.3.1, 3.6.3.1 and 3.7.3.1 of Annex I, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user shall only use the relevant available information referred to in paragraph 1 for the substances in the mixture.
Further, in cases where the available test data on the mixture itself demonstrate germ cell mutagenic, carcinogenic or toxic to reproduction effects which have not been identified from the information on the individual substances, those data shall also be taken into account.
4. For the evaluation of mixtures pursuant to Chapter 2 of this Title in relation to the "biodegradation and bioaccumulation" properties within the "hazardous to the aquatic environment" hazard class referred to in sections 4.1.2.8 and 4.1.2.9 of Annex I, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user shall only use the relevant available information referred to in paragraph 1 for the substances in the mixture.
5. Where no or inadequate test data on the mixture itself of the kind referred to in paragraph 1 are available, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user shall use other available information on individual substances and similar tested mixtures which may also be considered relevant for the purposes of determining whether the mixture is hazardous, provided that that manufacturer, importer or downstream user has ascertained that information to be adequate and reliable for the purpose of the evaluation pursuant to Article 9(4).
Article 7
Animal and human testing
1. Where new tests are carried out for the purposes of this Regulation, tests on animals within the meaning of Directive 86/609/EEC shall be undertaken only where no other alternatives, which provide adequate reliability and quality of data, are possible.
2. Tests on non-human primates shall be prohibited for the purposes of this Regulation.
3. Tests on humans shall not be performed for the purposes of this Regulation. Data obtained from other sources, such as clinical studies, can however be used for the purposes of this Regulation.
Article 8
Generating new information for substances and mixtures
1. For the purposes of determining whether a substance or a mixture entails a health or environmental hazard as set out in Annex I to this Regulation, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user may, provided that he has exhausted all other means of generating information including by applying the rules provided for in section 1 of Annex XI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006, perform new tests.
2. For the purposes of determining whether a substance or a mixture entails any of the physical hazards referred to in Part 2 of Annex I, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user shall perform the tests required in that Part, unless there is adequate and reliable information already available.
3. The tests referred to in paragraph 1 shall be conducted in accordance with one of the following methods:
(a) the test methods referred to in Article 13(3) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
or
(b) sound scientific principles that are internationally recognised or methods validated according to international procedures.
4. Where the manufacturer, importer or downstream user carries out new ecotoxicological or toxicological tests and analyses, these shall be carried out in compliance with Article 13(4) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
5. Where new tests for physical hazards are carried out for the purposes of this Regulation, they shall be carried out, at the latest from 1 January 2014, in compliance with a relevant recognised quality system or by laboratories complying with a relevant recognised standard.
6. Tests that are carried out for the purposes of this Regulation shall be carried out on the substance or on the mixture in the form(s) or physical state(s) in which the substance or mixture is placed on the market and in which it can reasonably be expected to be used.
CHAPTER 2
Evaluation of hazard information and decision on classification
Article 9
Evaluation of hazard information for substances and mixtures
1. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users of a substance or a mixture shall evaluate the information identified in accordance with Chapter 1 of this Title by applying to it the criteria for classification for each hazard class or differentiation in Parts 2 to 5 of Annex I, so as to ascertain the hazards associated with the substance or mixture.
2. In evaluating available test data for a substance or a mixture which have been obtained from test methods other than those referred to in Article 8(3), manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall compare the test methods employed with those indicated in that Article in order to determine whether the use of those test methods affects the evaluation referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article.
3. Where the criteria cannot be applied directly to available identified information, manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall carry out an evaluation by applying a weight of evidence determination using expert judgement in accordance with section 1.1.1 of Annex I to this Regulation, weighing all available information having a bearing on the determination of the hazards of the substance or the mixture, and in accordance with section 1.2 of Annex XI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
4. Where only the information referred to in Article 6(5) is available, manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall apply the bridging principles referred to in section 1.1.3 and in each section of Parts 3 and 4 of Annex I for the purposes of the evaluation.
However, where that information permits the application neither of the bridging principles nor the principles for using expert judgement and weight of evidence determination as described in Part 1 of Annex I, manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall evaluate the information by applying the other method or methods described in each section of Parts 3 and 4 of Annex I.
5. When evaluating the available information for the purposes of classification, the manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall consider the forms or physical states in which the substance or mixture is placed on the market and in which it can reasonably be expected to be used.
Article 10
Concentration limits and M-factors for classification of substances and mixtures
1. Specific concentration limits and generic concentration limits are limits assigned to a substance indicating a threshold at or above which the presence of that substance in another substance or in a mixture as an identified impurity, additive or individual constituent leads to the classification of the substance or mixture as hazardous.
Specific concentration limits shall be set by the manufacturer, importer or downstream user where adequate and reliable scientific information shows that the hazard of a substance is evident when the substance is present at a level below the concentrations set for any hazard class in Part 2 of Annex I or below the generic concentration limits set for any hazard class in Parts 3, 4 and 5 of Annex I.
In exceptional circumstances specific concentration limits may be set by the manufacturer, importer or downstream user where he has adequate, reliable and conclusive scientific information that a hazard of a substance classified as hazardous is not evident at a level above the concentrations set for the relevant hazard class in Part 2 of Annex I or above the generic concentration limits set for the relevant hazard class in Parts 3, 4 and 5 of that Annex.
2. M-factors for substances classified as hazardous to the aquatic environment, acute category 1 or chronic category 1, shall be established by manufacturers, importers and downstream users.
3. Notwithstanding paragraph 1, specific concentration limits shall not be set for harmonised hazard classes or differentiations for substances included in Part 3 of Annex VI.
4. Notwithstanding paragraph 2, M-factors shall not be set for harmonised hazard classes or differentiations for substances included in Part 3 of Annex VI for which an M-factor is given in that Part.
However, where an M-factor is not given in Part 3 of Annex VI for substances classified as hazardous to the aquatic environment, acute category 1 or chronic category 1, an M-factor based on available data for the substance shall be set by the manufacturer, importer or downstream user. When a mixture including the substance is classified by the manufacturer, importer or downstream user using the summation method, this M-factor shall be used.
5. In setting the specific concentration limit or M-factor manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall take into account any specific concentration limits or M-factors for that substance which have been included in the classification and labelling inventory.
6. Specific concentration limits set in accordance with paragraph 1 shall take precedence over the concentrations in the relevant sections of Part 2 of Annex I or the generic concentration limits for classification in the relevant sections of Parts 3, 4 and 5 of Annex I.
7. The Agency shall provide further guidance for the application of paragraphs 1 and 2.
Article 11
Cut-off values
1. Where a substance contains another substance, itself classified as hazardous, whether in the form of an identified impurity, additive or individual constituent, this shall be taken into account for the purposes of classification, if the concentration of the identified impurity, additive or individual constituent is equal to, or greater than, the applicable cut-off value in accordance with paragraph 3.
2. Where a mixture contains a substance classified as hazardous, whether as a component or in the form of an identified impurity or additive, this information shall be taken into account for the purposes of classification, if the concentration of that substance is equal to or greater than its cut-off value in accordance with paragraph 3.
3. The cut-off value referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be determined as set out in section 1.1.2.2 of Annex I.
Article 12
Specific cases requiring further evaluation
Where, as a result of the evaluation carried out pursuant to Article 9, the following properties or effects are identified, manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall take them into account for the purposes of classification:
(a) adequate and reliable information demonstrates that in practice the physical hazards of a substance or a mixture differ from those shown by tests;
(b) conclusive scientific experimental data show that the substance or mixture is not biologically available and those data have been ascertained to be adequate and reliable;
(c) adequate and reliable scientific information demonstrates the potential occurrence of synergistic or antagonistic effects among the substances in a mixture for which the evaluation was decided on the basis of the information for the substances in the mixture.
Article 13
Decision to classify substances and mixtures
If the evaluation undertaken pursuant to Article 9 and Article 12 shows that the hazards associated with the substance or mixture meet the criteria for classification in one or more hazard classes or differentiations in Parts 2 to 5 of Annex I, manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall classify the substance or mixture in relation to the relevant hazard class or classes or differentiations by assigning the following:
(a) one or more hazard categories for each relevant hazard class or differentiation;
(b) subject to Article 21, one or more hazard statements corresponding to each hazard category assigned in accordance with (a).
Article 14
Specific rules for the classification of mixtures
1. The classification of a mixture shall not be affected where the evaluation of the information indicates any of the following:
(a) that the substances in the mixture react slowly with atmospheric gases, in particular oxygen, carbon dioxide, water vapour, to form different substances at low concentration;
(b) that the substances in the mixture react very slowly with other substances in the mixture to form different substances at low concentration;
(c) that the substances in the mixture may self-polymerise to form oligomers or polymers, at low concentration.
2. A mixture need not be classified for explosive, oxidising, or flammable properties as referred to in Part 2 of Annex I provided that any of the following requirements are met:
(a) none of the substances in the mixture possesses any of those properties and, on the basis of the information available to the supplier, the mixture is unlikely to present hazards of this kind;
(b) in the event of a change in the composition of a mixture, scientific evidence indicates that an evaluation of the information on the mixture will not lead to a change in classification;
(c) where a mixture is placed on the market in the form of an aerosol dispenser, it satisfies Article 8(1a) of Council Directive 75/324/EEC of 20 May 1975 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to aerosol dispensers [27].
Article 15
Review of classification for substances and mixtures
1. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall take all reasonable steps available to them to make themselves aware of new scientific or technical information that may affect the classification of the substances or mixtures they place on the market. When a manufacturer, importer or downstream user becomes aware of such information which he considers to be adequate and reliable, that manufacturer, importer or downstream user shall without undue delay carry out a new evaluation in accordance with this Chapter.
2. Where the manufacturer, importer or downstream user introduces a change to a mixture that has been classified as hazardous, that manufacturer, importer or downstream user shall carry out a new evaluation in accordance with this Chapter where the change is either of the following:
(a) a change in the composition of the initial concentration of one or more of the hazardous constituents in concentrations at or above the limits in Table 1.2 of Part 1 of Annex I;
(b) a change in the composition involving the substitution or addition of one or more constituents in concentrations at or above the cut-off value referred to in Article 11(3).
3. A new evaluation in accordance with paragraphs 1 and 2 shall not be required if there is valid scientific justification that this will not result in a change of classification.
4. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users shall adapt the classification of the substance or the mixture in accordance with the results of the new evaluation except where there are harmonised hazard classes or differentiations for substances included in Part 3 of Annex VI.
5. For paragraphs 1 to 4 of this Article, when the substance or mixture concerned is within the scope of Directive 91/414/EEC or Directive 98/8/EC, the requirements of those Directives shall also apply.
Article 16
Classification of substances included in the classification and labelling inventory
1. Manufacturers and importers may classify a substance differently from the classification already included in the classification and labelling inventory, provided they submit the reasons for the classification to the Agency together with the notification in accordance with Article 40.
2. Paragraph 1 shall not apply if the classification included in the classification and labelling inventory is a harmonised classification included in Part 3 of Annex VI.
TITLE III
HAZARD COMMUNICATION IN THE FORM OF LABELLING
CHAPTER 1
Content of the label
Article 17
General rules
1. A substance or mixture classified as hazardous and contained in packaging shall bear a label including the following elements:
(a) the name, address and telephone number of the supplier(s);
(b) the nominal quantity of the substance or mixture in the package made available to the general public, unless this quantity is specified elsewhere on the package;
(c) product identifiers as specified in Article 18;
(d) where applicable, hazard pictograms in accordance with Article 19;
(e) where applicable, signal words in accordance with Article 20;
(f) where applicable, hazard statements in accordance with Article 21;
(g) where applicable, the appropriate precautionary statements in accordance with Article 22;
(h) where applicable, a section for supplemental information in accordance with Article 25.
2. The label shall be written in the official language(s) of the Member State(s) where the substance or mixture is placed on the market, unless the Member State(s) concerned provide(s) otherwise.
Suppliers may use more languages on their labels than those required by the Member States, provided that the same details appear in all languages used.
Article 18
Product identifiers
1. The label shall include details permitting the identification of the substance or mixture (hereinafter referred to as "product identifiers").
The term used for identification of the substance or mixture shall be the same as that used in the safety data sheet drawn up in accordance with Article 31 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 (hereinafter referred to as "safety data sheet"), without prejudice to Article 17(2) of this Regulation.
2. The product identifier for a substance shall consist of at least the following:
(a) if the substance is included in Part 3 of Annex VI, a name and an identification number as given therein;
(b) if the substance is not included in Part 3 of Annex VI, but appears in the classification and labelling inventory, a name and an identification number as given therein;
(c) if the substance is not included in Part 3 of Annex VI nor in the classification and labelling inventory, the number provided by the CAS (hereinafter referred to as "the CAS number"), together with the name set out in the nomenclature provided by the IUPAC (hereinafter referred to as "the IUPAC Nomenclature"), or the CAS number together with another international chemical name(s); or
(d) if the CAS number is not available, the name set out in the IUPAC Nomenclature or another international chemical name(s).
Where the name in the IUPAC nomenclature exceeds 100 characters, one of the other names (usual name, trade name, abbreviation) referred to in section 2.1.2 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 may be used provided that the notification in accordance with Article 40 includes both the name set out in the IUPAC Nomenclature and the other name used.
3. The product identifier for a mixture shall consist of both of the following:
(a) the trade name or the designation of the mixture;
(b) the identity of all substances in the mixture that contribute to the classification of the mixture as regards acute toxicity, skin corrosion or serious eye damage, germ cell mutagenicity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity, respiratory or skin sensitisation, specific target organ toxicity (STOT) or aspiration hazard.
Where, in the case referred to in (b), that requirement leads to the provision of multiple chemical names, a maximum of four chemical names shall suffice, unless more than four names are needed to reflect the nature and the severity of the hazards.
The chemical names selected shall identify the substances primarily responsible for the major health hazards which have given rise to the classification and the choice of the corresponding hazard statements.
Article 19
Hazard pictograms
1. The label shall include the relevant hazard pictogram(s), intended to convey specific information on the hazard concerned.
2. Subject to Article 33, hazard pictograms shall fulfil the requirements laid down in section 1.2.1 of Annex I and in Annex V.
3. The hazard pictogram relevant for each specific classification is set out in the tables indicating the label elements required for each hazard class in Annex I.
Article 20
Signal words
1. The label shall include the relevant signal word in accordance with the classification of the hazardous substance or mixture.
2. The signal word relevant for each specific classification is set out in the tables indicating the label elements required for each hazard class in Parts 2 to 5 of Annex I.
3. Where the signal word "Danger" is used on the label, the signal word "Warning" shall not appear on the label.
Article 21
Hazard statements
1. The label shall include the relevant hazard statements in accordance with the classification of the hazardous substance or mixture.
2. The hazard statements relevant for each classification are set out in the tables indicating the label elements required for each hazard class in Parts 2 to 5 of Annex I.
3. Where a substance is included in Part 3 of Annex VI, the hazard statement relevant for each specific classification covered by the entry in that Part shall be used on the label, together with the hazard statements referred to in paragraph 2 for any other classification not covered by that entry.
4. The hazard statements shall be worded in accordance with Annex III.
Article 22
Precautionary statements
1. The label shall include the relevant precautionary statements.
2. The precautionary statements shall be selected from those set out in the tables in Parts 2 to 5 of Annex I indicating the label elements for each hazard class.
3. The precautionary statements shall be selected in accordance with the criteria laid down in Part 1 of Annex IV taking into account the hazard statements and the intended or identified use or uses of the substance or the mixture.
4. The precautionary statements shall be worded in accordance with Part 2 of Annex IV.
Article 23
Derogations from labelling requirements for special cases
The specific provisions on labelling laid down in section 1.3 of Annex I shall apply in respect of the following:
(a) transportable gas cylinders;
(b) gas containers intended for propane, butane or liquefied petroleum gas;
(c) aerosols and containers fitted with a sealed spray attachment and containing substances or mixtures classified as presenting an aspiration hazard;
(d) metals in massive form, alloys, mixtures containing polymers, mixtures containing elastomers;
(e) explosives, as referred to in section 2.1 of Annex I, placed on the market with a view to obtaining an explosive or pyrotechnic effect.
Article 24
Request for use of an alternative chemical name
1. The manufacturer, importer or downstream user of a substance in a mixture may submit a request to the Agency to use an alternative chemical name which refers to that substance in a mixture either by means of a name that identifies the most important functional chemical groups or by means of an alternative designation, where the substance meets the criteria set out in Part 1 of Annex I and where he can demonstrate that disclosure on the label or in the safety data sheet of the chemical identity of that substance puts the confidential nature of his business, in particular his intellectual property rights, at risk.
2. Any request referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article shall be made in the format referred to in Article 111 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 and shall be accompanied by a fee.
The level of the fees shall be determined by the Commission in accordance with the regulatory procedure referred to in Article 54(2) of this Regulation.
A reduced fee shall be set for SMEs.
3. The Agency may require further information from the manufacturer, importer or downstream user making the request if such information is necessary to take a decision. If the Agency raises no objection within six weeks of the request or the receipt of further required information, the use of the requested name shall be deemed to be allowed.
4. If the Agency does not accept the request, the practical arrangements referred to in Article 118(3) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall apply.
5. The Agency shall inform competent authorities of the outcome of the request in accordance with paragraph 3 or 4 and provide them with the information submitted by the manufacturer, importer or downstream user.
6. Where new information shows that an alternative chemical name used does not provide sufficient information for necessary health and safety precautions to be taken at the workplace and to ensure that risks from handling the mixture can be controlled, the Agency shall review its decision on the use of that alternative chemical name. The Agency may withdraw its decision or amend it by a decision specifying which alternative chemical name is allowed to be used. If the Agency withdraws or amends its decision, the practical arrangements referred to in Article 118(3) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall apply.
7. Where the use of an alternative chemical name has been allowed, but the classification of the substance in a mixture for which the alternative name is used no longer meets the criteria set out in section 1.4.1 of Annex I, the supplier of that substance in a mixture shall use the product identifier for the substance in accordance with Article 18 on the label and in the safety data sheet, and not the alternative chemical name.
8. For substances, whether on their own or in a mixture, where a justification in accordance with Article 10(a)(xi) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 regarding information referred to in Article 119(2)(f) or (g) of that Regulation has been accepted as valid by the Agency, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user may use on the label and in the safety data sheet a name that will be made publicly available over the Internet. For those substances in a mixture for which Article 119(2)(f) or (g) of that Regulation no longer applies, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user may submit a request to the Agency to use an alternative chemical name as provided for in paragraph 1 of this Article.
9. Where the supplier of a mixture, before 1 June 2015, has demonstrated under Article 15 of Directive 1999/45/EC that the disclosure of the chemical identity of a substance in a mixture puts the confidential nature of his business at risk, he can continue to use the agreed alternative name for the purposes of this Regulation.
Article 25
Supplemental information on the label
1. Statements shall be included in the section for supplemental information on the label where a substance or mixture classified as hazardous has the physical properties or health properties referred to in sections 1.1 and 1.2 of Annex II.
The statements shall be worded in accordance with sections 1.1 and 1.2 of Annex II and Part 2 of Annex III.
Where a substance is included in Part 3 of Annex VI, any supplemental hazard statements given therein for the substance shall be included in the supplemental information on the label.
2. A statement shall be included in the section for supplemental information on the label where a substance or mixture classified as hazardous falls within the scope of Directive 91/414/EEC.
The statement shall be worded in accordance with Part 4 of Annex II and Part 3 of Annex III to this Regulation.
3. The supplier may include supplemental information in the section for supplemental information on the label other than that referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2, provided that that information does not make it more difficult to identify the label elements referred to in Article 17(1) (a) to (g) and that it provides further details and does not contradict or cast doubt on the validity of the information specified by those elements.
4. Statements such as "non-toxic", "non-harmful", "non-polluting", "ecological" or any other statements indicating that the substance or mixture is not hazardous or any other statements that are inconsistent with the classification of that substance or mixture shall not appear on the label or packaging of any substance or mixture.
5. Where a substance or mixture is classified in accordance with Part 5 of Annex I,
(a) the hazard pictogram shall not be included on the label;
(b) the signal words, hazard statements and precautionary statements shall be placed in the supplemental information section of the label.
6. Where a mixture contains any substance classified as hazardous, it shall be labelled in accordance with Part 2 of Annex II.
The statements shall be worded in accordance with Part 3 of Annex III and shall be placed in the supplemental information section of the label.
The label shall also include the product identifier referred to in Article 18 and the name, address and telephone number of the supplier of the mixture.
Article 26
Principles of precedence for hazard pictograms
1. Where the classification of a substance or mixture would result in more than one hazard pictogram on the label, the following rules of precedence shall apply to reduce the number of hazard pictograms required:
(a) if the hazard pictogram "GHS01" applies, the use of the hazard pictograms "GHS02" and "GHS03" shall be optional, except in cases where more than one of these hazard pictograms are compulsory;
(b) if the hazard pictogram "GHS06" applies, the hazard pictogram "GHS07" shall not appear;
(c) if the hazard pictogram "GHS05" applies, the hazard pictogram "GHS07" shall not appear for skin or eye irritation;
(d) if the hazard pictogram "GHS08" applies for respiratory sensitisation, the hazard pictogram "GHS07" shall not appear for skin sensitisation or for skin and eye irritation.
2. Where the classification of a substance or mixture would result in more than one hazard pictogram for the same hazard class the label shall include the hazard pictogram corresponding to the most severe hazard category for each hazard class concerned.
For substances that are included in Part 3 of Annex VI and also subject to classification pursuant to Title II, the label shall include the hazard pictogram corresponding to the most severe hazard category for each relevant hazard class.
Article 27
Principles of precedence for hazard statements
If a substance or mixture is classified within several hazard classes or differentiations of a hazard class, all hazard statements resulting from the classification shall appear on the label, unless there is evident duplication or redundancy.
Article 28
Principles of precedence for precautionary statements
1. Where the selection of the precautionary statements results in certain precautionary statements being clearly redundant or unnecessary given the specific substance, mixture or packaging, such statements shall be omitted from the label.
2. Where the substance or mixture is supplied to the general public, one precautionary statement addressing the disposal of that substance or mixture as well as the disposal of packaging shall appear on the label, unless not required under Article 22.
In all other cases, a precautionary statement addressing disposal shall not be required, where it is clear that the disposal of the substance or mixture or the packaging does not present a hazard to human health or the environment.
3. Not more than six precautionary statements shall appear on the label, unless necessary to reflect the nature and the severity of the hazards.
Article 29
Exemptions from labelling and packaging requirements
1. Where the packaging of a substance or a mixture is either in such a shape or form or is so small that it is impossible to meet the requirements of Article 31 for a label in the languages of the Member State in which the substance or mixture is placed on the market, the label elements in accordance with the first subparagraph of Article 17(2) shall be provided in accordance with section 1.5.1 of Annex I.
2. If the full label information cannot be provided in the way specified in paragraph 1 the label information may be reduced in accordance with section 1.5.2 of Annex I.
3. When a hazardous substance or mixture referred to in Part 5 of Annex II is supplied to the general public without packaging it shall be accompanied by a copy of the label elements in accordance with Article 17.
4. For certain mixtures classified as hazardous to the environment, exemptions to certain provisions on environmental labelling or specific provisions in relation to environmental labelling may be determined in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 53, where it can be demonstrated that there would be a reduction in the environmental impact. Such exemptions or specific provisions are defined in Part 2 of Annex II.
5. The Commission may request the Agency to prepare and submit to it further draft exemptions from labelling and packaging requirements.
Article 30
Updating information on labels
1. The supplier shall ensure that the label is updated, without undue delay, following any change to the classification and labelling of that substance or mixture, where the new hazard is more severe or where new supplemental labelling elements are required under Article 25, taking into account the nature of the change as regards the protection of human health and the environment. Suppliers shall cooperate in accordance with Article 4(9) to complete the changes to the labelling without undue delay.
2. Where labelling changes are required other than those referred to in paragraph 1, the supplier shall ensure that the label is updated within 18 months.
3. The supplier of a substance or a mixture within the scope of Directives 91/414/EEC or 98/8/EC shall update the label in accordance with those Directives.
CHAPTER 2
Application of labels
Article 31
General rules for the application of labels
1. Labels shall be firmly affixed to one or more surfaces of the packaging immediately containing the substance or mixture and shall be readable horizontally when the package is set down normally.
2. The colour and presentation of any label shall be such that the hazard pictogram stands out clearly.
3. The label elements referred to in Article 17(1) shall be clearly and indelibly marked. They shall stand out clearly from the background and be of such size and spacing as to be easily read.
4. The shape, colour and the size of a hazard pictogram as well as the dimensions of the label shall be as set out in section 1.2.1 of Annex I.
5. A label shall not be required when the label elements referred to in Article 17(1) are shown clearly on the packaging itself. In such cases, the requirements of this Chapter applicable to a label shall be applied to the information shown on the packaging.
Article 32
Location of information on the label
1. The hazard pictograms, signal word, hazard statements and precautionary statements shall be located together on the label.
2. The supplier may decide the order of the hazard statements on the label. However, subject to paragraph 4, all hazard statements shall be grouped on the label by language.
The supplier may decide the order of the precautionary statements on the label. However, subject to paragraph 4, all precautionary statements shall be grouped on the label by language.
3. Groups of hazard statements and groups of precautionary statements referred to in paragraph 2 shall be located together on the label by language.
4. The supplemental information shall be placed in the supplemental information section referred to in Article 25, and shall be located with the other label elements specified in Article 17(1)(a) to (g).
5. In addition to its use in hazard pictograms, colour may be used on other areas of the label to implement special labelling requirements.
6. Label elements resulting from the requirements provided for in other Community acts shall be placed in the section for supplemental information on the label referred to in Article 25.
Article 33
Specific rules for labelling of outer packaging, inner packaging and single packaging
1. Where a package consists of an outer and an inner packaging, together with any intermediate packaging, and the outer packaging meets labelling provisions in accordance with the rules on the transport of dangerous goods, the inner and any intermediate packaging shall be labelled in accordance with this Regulation. The outer packaging may also be labelled in accordance with this Regulation. Where the hazard pictogram(s) required by this Regulation relate to the same hazard as in the rules for the transport of dangerous goods, the hazard pictogram(s) required by this Regulation need not appear on the outer packaging.
2. Where the outer packaging of a package is not required to meet labelling provisions in accordance with rules on the transport of dangerous goods, both the outer and any inner packaging, including any intermediate packaging, shall be labelled in accordance with this Regulation. However, if the outer packaging permits the inner or intermediate packaging labelling to be clearly seen, the outer packaging need not be labelled.
3. Single packages that meet the labelling provisions in accordance with the rules on the transport of dangerous goods shall be labelled both in accordance with this Regulation and the rules on the transport of dangerous goods. Where the hazard pictogram(s) required by this Regulation relate to the same hazard as in rules on the transport of dangerous goods, the hazard pictogram(s) required by this Regulation need not appear.
Article 34
Report on communication on safe use of chemicals
1. By 20 January 2012, the Agency shall carry out a study on the communication of information to the general public on the safe use of substances and mixtures and the potential need for additional information on labels. This study shall be carried out in consultation with competent authorities and stakeholders and drawing as appropriate on relevant best practice.
2. Without prejudice to the labelling rules provided for in this Title, the Commission shall, on the basis of the study referred to in paragraph 1, submit a report to the European Parliament and the Council and, if justified, present a legislative proposal to amend this Regulation.
TITLE IV
PACKAGING
Article 35
Packaging
1. Packaging containing hazardous substances or mixtures shall satisfy the following requirements:
(a) the packaging shall be designed and constructed so that its contents cannot escape, except in cases where other more specific safety devices are prescribed;
(b) the materials constituting the packaging and fastenings shall not be susceptible to damage by the contents, or liable to form hazardous compounds with the contents;
(c) the packaging and fastenings shall be strong and solid throughout to ensure that they will not loosen and will safely meet the normal stresses and strains of handling;
(d) packaging fitted with replaceable fastening devices shall be designed so that it can be refastened repeatedly without the contents escaping.
2. Packaging containing a hazardous substance or a mixture supplied to the general public shall not have either a shape or design likely to attract or arouse the active curiosity of children or to mislead consumers, or have a similar presentation or a design used for foodstuff or animal feeding stuff or medicinal or cosmetic products, which would mislead consumers.
Where the packaging contains a substance or mixture which meets the requirements in section 3.1.1 of Annex II it shall have a child-resistant fastening in accordance with sections 3.1.2, 3.1.3 and 3.1.4.2 of Annex II.
Where the packaging contains a substance or mixture which meets the requirements in section 3.2.1 of Annex II it shall bear a tactile warning of danger in accordance with section 3.2.2 of Annex II.
3. The packaging of substances and mixtures shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of paragraph 1(a), (b) and (c) if it complies with the requirements of the rules on the transport of dangerous goods by air, sea, road, rail or inland waterways.
TITLE V
HARMONISATION OF CLASSIFICATION AND LABELLING OF SUBSTANCES AND THE CLASSIFICATION AND LABELLING INVENTORY
CHAPTER 1
Establishing harmonised classification and labelling of substances
Article 36
Harmonisation of classification and labelling of substances
1. A substance that fulfils the criteria set out in Annex I for the following shall normally be subject to harmonised classification and labelling in accordance with Article 37:
(a) respiratory sensitisation, category 1 (Annex I, section 3.4);
(b) germ cell mutagenicity, category 1A, 1B or 2 (Annex I, section 3.5);
(c) carcinogenicity, category 1A, 1B or 2 (Annex I, section 3.6);
(d) reproductive toxicity, category 1A, 1B or 2 (Annex I, section 3.7).
2. A substance that is an active substance in the meaning of Directive 91/414/EEC or Directive 98/8/EC shall normally be subject to harmonised classification and labelling. For such substances, the procedures set out in Article 37, paragraphs 1, 4, 5 and 6 shall apply.
3. Where a substance fulfils the criteria for other hazard classes or differentiations than those referred to in paragraph 1 and does not fall under paragraph 2, a harmonised classification and labelling in accordance with Article 37 may also be added to Annex VI on a case-by-case basis, if justification is provided demonstrating the need for such action at Community level.
Article 37
Procedure for harmonisation of classification and labelling of substances
1. A competent authority may submit to the Agency a proposal for harmonised classification and labelling of substances and, where appropriate, specific concentration limits or M-factors, or a proposal for a revision thereof.
The proposal shall follow the format set out in Part 2 of Annex VI and contain the relevant information provided for in Part 1 of Annex VI.
2. A manufacturer, importer or downstream user of a substance may submit to the Agency a proposal for harmonised classification and labelling of that substance and, where appropriate, specific concentration limits or M-factors, provided that there is no entry in Part 3 of Annex VI for such a substance in relation to the hazard class or differentiation covered by that proposal.
The proposal shall be drawn up in accordance with the relevant Parts of sections 1, 2 and 3 of Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 and it shall follow the format set out in Part B of the Chemical Safety Report of section 7 of that Annex. It shall contain the relevant information provided for in Part 1 of Annex VI to this Regulation. Article 111 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall apply.
3. Where the proposal of the manufacturer, importer or downstream user concerns the harmonised classification and labelling of a substance in accordance with Article 36(3), it shall be accompanied by the fee determined by the Commission in accordance with the regulatory procedure referred to in Article 54(2).
4. The Committee for Risk Assessment of the Agency set up pursuant to Article 76(1)(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall adopt an opinion on any proposal submitted pursuant to paragraphs 1 or 2 within 18 months of receipt of the proposal, giving the parties concerned the opportunity to comment. The Agency shall forward this opinion and any comments to the Commission.
5. Where the Commission finds that the harmonisation of the classification and labelling of the substance concerned is appropriate, it shall, without undue delay, submit a draft decision concerning the inclusion of that substance together with the relevant classification and labelling elements in Table 3.1 of Part 3 of Annex VI and, where appropriate, the specific concentration limits or M-factors.
A corresponding entry shall be included in Table 3.2 of Part 3 of Annex VI subject to the same conditions, until 31 May 2015.
That measure, designed to amend non-essential elements of this Regulation, shall be adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure with scrutiny referred to in Article 54(3). On imperative grounds of urgency, the Commission may have recourse to the urgency procedure referred to in Article 54(4).
6. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users who have new information which may lead to a change of the harmonised classification and labelling elements of a substance in Part 3 of Annex VI shall submit a proposal in accordance with the second subparagraph of paragraph 2 to the competent authority in one of the Member States in which the substance is placed on the market.
Article 38
Content of opinions and decisions for harmonised classification and labelling in Part 3 of Annex VI; accessibility of information
1. Any opinion referred to in Article 37(4) and any decision according to Article 37(5) shall at least specify for each substance:
(a) the identity of the substance as specified in sections 2.1 to 2.3.4 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(b) the classification of the substance referred to in Article 36, including a statement of reasons;
(c) the specific concentration limits or M-factors, where applicable;
(d) the label elements specified in points (d), (e) and (f) of Article 17(1) for the substance, together with any supplemental hazard statements for the substance, determined in accordance with Article 25(1);
(e) any other parameter enabling an assessment to be made of the health or environmental hazard of mixtures containing the hazardous substance in question or of substances containing such hazardous substances as identified impurities, additives and constituents, if relevant.
2. When making publicly available an opinion or a decision as referred to in Article 37(4) and (5) of this Regulation, Article 118(2) and Article 119 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall apply.
CHAPTER 2
Classification and labelling inventory
Article 39
Scope
This Chapter shall apply to:
(a) substances subject to registration in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(b) substances within the scope of Article 1 which meet the criteria for classification as hazardous and are placed on the market either on their own or in a mixture above the concentration limits specified in this Regulation or Directive 1999/45/EC, where relevant, which results in the classification of the mixture as hazardous.
Article 40
Obligation to notify the Agency
1. Any manufacturer or importer, or group of manufacturers or importers (hereinafter referred to as "the notifier(s)"), who places on the market a substance referred to in Article 39, shall notify to the Agency the following information in order for it to be included in the inventory referred to in Article 42:
(a) the identity of the notifier(s) responsible for placing the substance or substances on the market as specified in section 1 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(b) the identity of the substance or substances as specified in section 2.1 to 2.3.4 to Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(c) the classification of the substance or substances in accordance with Article 13;
(d) where a substance has been classified in some but not all hazard classes or differentiations, an indication of whether this is due to lack of data, inconclusive data, or data which are conclusive although insufficient for classification;
(e) specific concentration limits or M-factors, where applicable, in accordance with Article 10 of this Regulation together with a justification using the relevant Parts of sections 1, 2 and 3 of Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(f) the label elements specified in points (d), (e) and (f) of Article 17(1) for the substance or substances together with any supplemental hazard statements for the substance, determined in accordance with Article 25(1).
The information referred to in (a) to (f) shall not be notified, if it has been submitted to the Agency as part of a registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006, or if it has already been notified by that notifier.
The notifier shall submit this information in the format specified pursuant to Article 111 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
2. The information listed in paragraph 1 shall be updated and notified to the Agency by the notifier(s) concerned when, pursuant to the review in Article 15(1), a decision to change the classification and labelling of the substance has been taken.
3. Substances placed on the market on or after 1 December 2010 shall be notified in accordance with paragraph 1 within one month after their placing on the market.
However, substances placed on the market before 1 December 2010 may be notified in accordance with paragraph 1 before that date.
Article 41
Agreed entries
Where the notification in Article 40(1) results in different entries on the inventory referred to in Article 42 for the same substance, the notifiers and registrants shall make every effort to come to an agreed entry to be included in the inventory. The notifiers shall inform the Agency accordingly.
Article 42
The classification and labelling inventory
1. The Agency shall establish and maintain a classification and labelling inventory in the form of a database.
The information notified pursuant to Article 40(1) shall be included in the inventory, as well as information submitted as part of registrations under Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
Information in the inventory which corresponds to the information referred to in Article 119(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall be publicly accessible. The Agency shall grant access to the other information on each substance in the inventory to the notifiers and registrants who have submitted information on that substance in accordance with Article 29(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006. It shall grant access to such information to other parties subject to Article 118 of that Regulation.
2. The Agency shall update the inventory when it receives updated information in accordance with Article 40(2) or Article 41.
3. In addition to the information referred to in paragraph 1, the Agency shall, where applicable, include the following information in each entry:
(a) whether, in respect of the entry, there is harmonised classification and labelling at Community level by inclusion in Part 3 of Annex VI;
(b) whether, in respect of the entry, it is a joint entry between registrants of the same substance as referred to in Article 11(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006;
(c) whether it is an agreed entry of two or more notifiers or registrants in accordance with Article 41;
(d) whether the entry differs from another entry on the inventory for the same substance.
The information referred to in (a) shall be updated where a decision is taken in accordance with Article 37(5).
TITLE VI
COMPETENT AUTHORITIES AND ENFORCEMENT
Article 43
Appointment of competent authorities and enforcement authorities and cooperation between authorities
Member States shall appoint the competent authority or competent authorities responsible for proposals for harmonised classification and labelling and the authorities responsible for the enforcement of the obligations set out in this Regulation.
The competent authorities and the authorities responsible for enforcement shall cooperate with each other in the performance of their tasks under this Regulation and shall give the corresponding authorities of other Member States all necessary and useful support to this end.
Article 44
Helpdesk
Member States shall establish national helpdesks to provide advice to manufacturers, importers, distributors, downstream users and any other interested parties on their respective responsibilities and obligations under this Regulation.
Article 45
Appointment of bodies responsible for receiving information relating to emergency health response
1. Member States shall appoint a body or bodies responsible for receiving information relevant, in particular, for formulating preventative and curative measures, in particular in the event of emergency health response, from importers and downstream users placing mixtures on the market. This information shall include the chemical composition of mixtures placed on the market and classified as hazardous on the basis of their health or physical effects, including the chemical identity of substances in mixtures for which a request for use of an alternative chemical name has been accepted by the Agency, in accordance with Article 24.
2. The appointed bodies shall provide all requisite guarantees for maintaining the confidentiality of the information received. Such information may only be used:
(a) to meet medical demand by formulating preventative and curative measures, in particular in the event of an emergency;
and
(b) where requested by the Member State, to undertake statistical analysis to identify where improved risk management measures may be needed.
The information shall not be used for other purposes.
3. The appointed bodies shall have at their disposal all the information required from the importers and downstream users responsible for marketing to carry out the tasks for which they are responsible.
4. By 20 January 2012 the Commission shall carry out a review to assess the possibility of harmonising the information referred to in paragraph 1, including establishing a format for the submission of information by importers and downstream users to appointed bodies. On the basis of this review, and following consultation with relevant stakeholders such as the European Association of Poison Centres and Clinical Toxicologists (EAPCCT), the Commission may adopt a Regulation adding an Annex to this Regulation.
Those measures, designed to amend non-essential elements of this Regulation, by supplementing it, shall be adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure with scrutiny referred to in Article 54(3).
Article 46
Enforcement and reporting
1. Member States shall take all necessary measures, including maintaining a system of official controls, to ensure that substances and mixtures are not placed on the market, unless they have been classified, labelled, notified and packaged in accordance with this Regulation.
2. Member States shall submit a report to the Agency every five years by 1 July on the results of the official controls, and other enforcement measures taken. The first report shall be submitted by 20 January 2012. The Agency shall make those reports available to the Commission, which shall take them into account for its report under Article 117 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
3. The Forum referred to in Article 76(1)(f) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall undertake the tasks specified in Article 77(4)(a) to (g) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 concerning enforcement of this Regulation.
Article 47
Penalties for non-compliance
Member States shall introduce penalties for non-compliance with this Regulation and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that this Regulation is applied. The penalties must be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. Member States shall notify the Commission of the provisions for penalties by 20 June 2010 and shall notify it without delay of any subsequent amendment affecting them.
TITLE VII
COMMON AND FINAL PROVISIONS
Article 48
Advertisement
1. Any advertisement for a substance classified as hazardous shall mention the hazard classes or hazard categories concerned.
2. Any advertisement for a mixture classified as hazardous or covered by Article 25(6) which allows a member of the general public to conclude a contract for purchase without first having sight of the label shall mention the type or types of hazard indicated on the label.
The first subparagraph shall be without prejudice to Directive 97/7/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 1997 on the protection of consumers in respect of distance contracts [28].
Article 49
Obligation to maintain information and requests for information
1. The supplier shall assemble and keep available all the information used by that supplier for the purposes of classification and labelling under this Regulation for a period of at least 10 years after the substance or the mixture was last supplied by that supplier.
The supplier shall keep this information together with the information required in Article 36 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
2. In the event of a supplier ceasing activity, or transferring part or all of his operations to a third party, the party responsible for liquidating the supplier's undertaking or assuming responsibility for the placing on the market of the substance or mixture concerned shall be bound by the obligation in paragraph 1 in place of the supplier.
3. The competent authority or the enforcement authorities of a Member State in which a supplier is established or the Agency may require the supplier to submit to it any information referred to in the first subparagraph of paragraph 1.
However, where that information is available to the Agency as part of a registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 or a notification pursuant to Article 40 of this Regulation, the Agency shall use that information and the authority shall address itself to the Agency.
Article 50
Tasks of the Agency
1. The Agency shall provide the Member States and the institutions of the Community with the best possible scientific and technical advice on questions relating to chemicals which fall within its remit and which are referred to it in accordance with this Regulation.
2. The Secretariat of the Agency shall:
(a) provide industry with technical and scientific guidance and tools where appropriate on how to comply with the obligations laid down by this Regulation;
(b) provide competent authorities with technical and scientific guidance on the operation of this Regulation and provide support to the helpdesks established by Member States under Article 44.
Article 51
Free movement clause
On grounds relating to the classification, labelling or packaging of substances and mixtures within the meaning of this Regulation, Member States shall not prohibit, restrict or impede the placing on the market of substances or mixtures which comply with this Regulation and, where appropriate, with Community acts adopted in implementation of this Regulation.
Article 52
Safeguard clause
1. Where a Member State has justifiable grounds for believing that a substance or a mixture, although satisfying the requirements of this Regulation, constitutes a serious risk to human health or the environment due to reasons of classification, labelling or packaging, it may take appropriate provisional measures. The Member State shall immediately inform the Commission, the Agency and the other Member States thereof, giving the reasons for its decision.
2. Within 60 days of receipt of the information from the Member State, the Commission shall in accordance with the regulatory procedure referred to in Article 54(2) either authorise the provisional measure for a time period defined in the decision or require the Member State to revoke the provisional measure.
3. In the case of an authorisation of a provisional measure related to classification or labelling of a substance as referred to in paragraph 2, the competent authority of the Member State concerned shall in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 37 submit a proposal to the Agency for harmonised classification and labelling, within three months of the date of the Commission decision.
Article 53
Adaptations to technical and scientific progress
1. The Commission may adjust and adapt Articles 6(5), 11(3), 12, 14, 18(3)(b), 23, 25 to 29 and 35(2) second and third subparagraph and Annexes I to VII to technical and scientific progress, including taking due account of the further development of the GHS, in particular any UN amendments relating to the use of information on similar mixtures, and considering the developments in internationally recognised chemical programmes and of the data from accident databases. Those measures, designed to amend non-essential elements of this Regulation, shall be adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure with scrutiny referred to in Article 54(3). On imperative grounds of urgency, the Commission may have recourse to the urgency procedure referred to in Article 54(4).
2. Member States and the Commission shall, in the manner appropriate to their role in the relevant UN fora, promote the harmonisation of the criteria for classification and labelling of persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic (PBT) and very persistent and very bioaccumulative (vPvB) substances at the level of the UN.
Article 54
Committee procedure
1. The Commission shall be assisted by the Committee instituted by Article 133 of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof.
The period laid down in Article 5 (6) of Decision 1999/468/EC shall be set at three months.
3. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 5a(1) to (4) and Article 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof.
4. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 5a(1), (2), (4) and (6) and Article 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof.
Article 55
Amendments to Directive 67/548/EEC
Directive 67/548/EEC shall be amended as follows:
1. in Article 1(2), the second subparagraph shall be deleted;
2. Article 4 shall be amended as follows:
(a) paragraph 3 shall be replaced by the following:
"3. Where an entry containing the harmonised classification and labelling for a particular substance has been included in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures [], the substance shall be classified in accordance with that entry and paragraphs 1 and 2 shall not apply to the danger categories covered by that entry.
(b) paragraph 4 shall be deleted;
3. Article 5 shall be amended as follows:
(a) paragraph 1, second subparagraph shall be deleted;
(b) paragraph 2 shall be replaced by the following:
"2. The measures in the first subparagraph of paragraph 1 shall apply until the substance is listed in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 for the danger categories covered by that entry or until a decision not to list it has been taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 37 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
4. Article 6 shall be replaced by the following:
"Article 6
Obligation to carry out investigations
Manufacturers, distributors and importers of substances which appear in the EINECS but for which no entry has been included in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 shall carry out an investigation to make themselves aware of the relevant and accessible data which exist concerning the properties of such substances. On the basis of this information, they shall package and provisionally label dangerous substances according to the rules laid down in Articles 22 to 25 of this Directive and the criteria in Annex VI to this Directive.";
5. Article 22(3) and (4) shall be deleted;
6. Article 23(2) shall be amended as follows:
(a) in point (a), the words "Annex I" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
(b) in point (c), the words "Annex I" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
(c) in point (d), the words "Annex I" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
(d) in point (e), the words "Annex I" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
(e) in point (f), the words "Annex I" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
7. Article 24(4) second subparagraph shall be deleted;
8. Article 28 shall be deleted;
9. Article 31(2) and (3) shall be deleted;
10. the following Article shall be inserted after Article 32:
"Article 32a
Transitional provision regarding labelling and packaging of substances
Articles 22 to 25 shall not apply to substances from 1 December 2010.";
11. Annex I shall be deleted.
Article 56
Amendments to Directive 1999/45/EC
Directive 1999/45/EC shall be amended as follows:
1. in Article 3(2), first indent, the words "Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by
"Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures [].
2. the words "Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008" in:
(a) Article 3(3);
(b) Article 10(2), points 2.3.1, 2.3.2, 2.3.3 and 2.4 first indent;
(c) Annex II, points (a) and (b) and the last paragraph of the Introduction;
(d) Annex II, Part A,
- point 1.1.1 (a) and (b),
- point 1.2 (a) and (b),
- point 2.1.1 (a) and (b),
- point 2.2 (a) and (b),
- point 2.3 (a) and (b),
- point 3.1.1 (a) and (b),
- point 3.3 (a) and (b),
- point 3.4 (a) and (b),
- point 4.1.1 (a) and (b),
- point 4.2.1 (a) and (b),
- point 5.1.1 (a) and (b),
- point 5.2.1 (a) and (b),
- point 5.3.1 (a) and (b),
- point 5.4.1 (a) and (b),
- point 6.1 (a) and (b),
- point 6.2 (a) and (b),
- point 7.1 (a) and (b),
- point 7.2 (a) and (b),
- point 8.1 (a) and (b),
- point 8.2 (a) and (b),
- point 9.1 (a) and (b),
- point 9.2 (a) and (b),
- point 9.3 (a) and (b),
- point 9.4 (a) and (b);
(e) Annex II, the introductory paragraph of Part B;
(f) Annex III, point (a) and (b) of the Introduction;
(g) Annex III, Part A, section (a) Aquatic environment
- point 1.1 (a) and (b),
- point 2.1 (a) and (b),
- point 3.1 (a) and (b),
- point 4.1 (a) and (b),
- point 5.1 (a) and (b),
- point 6.1 (a) and (b),
(h) Annex III, Part A, section (b) Non-aquatic environment point 1.1 (a) and (b);
(i) Annex V, section A points 3 and 4;
(j) Annex V, section B point 9;
(k) Annex VI, Part A, the third column of the table under point 2;
(l) Annex VI Part B point 1, first paragraph, and the first column of the table under point 3;
(m) Annex VIII, Appendix 1, second column of the table;
(n) Annex VIII, Appendix 2, second column of the table;
3. in Annex VI, Part B, point 1, paragraph 3 first indent and paragraph 5, the words "Annex I" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
4. in Annex VI, Part B, point 4.2, final paragraph, the words "Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC (19th adaptation)" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008".
Article 57
Amendments to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 from the entry into force of this Regulation
Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall be amended as from the entry into force of this Regulation as follows:
1. Article 14(2) shall be amended as follows:
(a) point (b) shall be replaced by the following:
"(b) the specific concentration limits that have been set in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures [];
(ba) for substances classified as hazardous to the aquatic environment, if a multiplying factor (hereinafter referred to as "M-factor") has been set in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the cut-off value in Table 1.1 of Annex I to that Regulation adjusted using the calculation set out in section 4.1 of Annex I to that Regulation;
(b) point (e) shall be replaced by the following:
"(e) the specific concentration limits given in an agreed entry in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008;
(ea) for substances classified as hazardous to the aquatic environment, if an M-factor has been set in an agreed entry in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the cut-off value in Table 1.1 of Annex I to that Regulation adjusted using the calculation set out in section 4.1 of Annex I to that Regulation;";
2. Article 31 shall be amended as follows:
(a) paragraph 8 shall be replaced by the following:
"8. A safety data sheet shall be provided free of charge on paper or electronically no later than the date on which the substance or mixture is first supplied.";
(b) the following paragraph shall be added:
"10. Where substances are classified in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 during the period from its entry into force until 1 December 2010, that classification may be added in the safety data sheet together with the classification in accordance with Directive 67/548/EEC.
From 1 December 2010 until 1 June 2015, the safety data sheets for substances shall contain the classification according to both Directive 67/548/EEC and Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.
Where mixtures are classified in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 during the period from its entry into force until 1 June 2015, that classification may be added in the safety data sheet, together with the classification in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC. However, until 1 June 2015, where substances or mixtures are both classified and labelled in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 that classification shall be provided in the safety data sheet, together with the classification in accordance with Directives 67/548/EEC and 1999/45/EC respectively, for the substance, the mixture and its constituents.";
3. Article 56(6)(b) shall be replaced by the following:
"(b) for all other substances, below the lowest of the concentration limits specified in Directive 1999/45/EC or in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 which result in the classification of the mixture as dangerous.";
4. Article 59(2) and 3 shall be amended as follows:
(a) in paragraph 2, the second sentence shall be replaced by the following:
"The dossier may be limited, if appropriate, to a reference to an entry in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
(b) in paragraph 3, the second sentence shall be replaced by the following:
"The dossier may be limited, if appropriate, to a reference to an entry in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
5. in Article 76(1)(c), the words "Title XI" shall be replaced by "Title V of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
6. Article 77 shall be amended as follows:
(a) in paragraph 2, the first sentence of point (e) shall be replaced by the following:
"(e) establishing and maintaining database(s) with information on all registered substances, the classification and labelling inventory and the harmonised classification and labelling list established in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008;";
(b) in paragraph 3, point (a), the words "Titles VI to XI" shall be replaced by "Titles VI to X";
7. Title XI shall be deleted;
8. Annex XV, sections I and II shall be amended as follows:
(a) section I shall be amended as follows:
(i) the first indent shall be deleted;
(ii) the second indent shall be replaced by the following:
- "— the identification of CMRs, PBTs, vPvBs, or a substance of equivalent concern in accordance with Article 59,";
(b) in section II, point 1 shall be deleted;
9. the table in Annex XVII shall be amended as follows:
(a) the column "Designation of the substance, of the groups of substances or of the preparation", shall be amended as follows:
(i) entries 28, 29 and 30 shall be replaced by the following:
"28. Substances which appear in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 classified as carcinogen category 1A or 1B (Table 3.1) or carcinogen category 1 or 2 (Table 3.2) and listed as follows:
- Carcinogen category 1A (Table 3.1)/carcinogen category 1 (Table 3.2) listed in Appendix 1
- Carcinogen category 1B (Table 3.1)/carcinogen category 2 (Table 3.2) listed in Appendix 2
29. Substances which appear in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 classified as germ cell mutagen category 1A or 1B (Table 3.1) or mutagen category 1 or 2 (Table 3.2) and listed as follows:
- Mutagen category 1A (Table 3.1)/mutagen category 1 (Table 3.2) listed in Appendix 3
- Mutagen category 1B (Table 3.1)/mutagen category 2 (Table 3.2) listed in Appendix 4
30. Substances which appear in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 classified as toxic to reproduction category 1A or 1B (Table 3.1) or toxic to reproduction category 1 or 2 (Table 3.2) and listed as follows:
- Reproductive toxicant category 1A adverse effects on sexual function and fertility or on development (Table 3.1) or reproductive toxicant category 1 with R60 (May impair fertility) or R61 (May cause harm to the unborn child) (Table 3.2) listed in Appendix 5
- Reproductive toxicant category 1B adverse effects on sexual function and fertility or on development (Table 3.1) or reproductive toxicant category 2 with R60 (May impair fertility) or R61 (May cause harm to the unborn child) (Table 3.2) listed in Appendix 6";
(b) in the column "Conditions of restriction", in entry 28, the first indent of point 1 shall be replaced by the following:
- "— either the relevant specific concentration limit specified in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, or";
10. Appendices 1 to 6 to Annex XVII shall be amended as follows:
(a) the Foreword shall be amended as follows:
(i) in the section entitled "Substances", the words "Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
(ii) in the section entitled "Index number", the words "Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by "Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
(iii) in the section entitled "Notes", the words "the foreword of Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by "Part 1 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
(iv) Note A shall be replaced by the following:
"Note A:
Without prejudice to Article 17(2) of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the name of the substance must appear on the label in the form of one of the designations given in Part 3 of Annex VI to that Regulation.
In that Part, use is sometimes made of a general description such as "... compounds" or "... salts". In this case, the supplier who places such a substance on the market is required to state on the label the correct name, due account being taken of Section 1.1.1.4 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.
In accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, where a substance is included in Part 3 of Annex VI to that Regulation, the labelling elements relevant for each specific classification covered by the entry in that Part shall be included in the label, together with the applicable label elements for any other classification not covered by that entry, and any other applicable label elements in accordance with Article 17 of that Regulation.
For substances belonging to one particular group of substances included in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the labelling elements relevant for each specific classification covered by the entry in that Part shall be included in the label, together with the applicable label elements for any other classification not covered by that entry, and any other applicable label elements in accordance with Article 17 of that Regulation.
For substances belonging to more than one group of substances included in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the labelling elements relevant for each specific classification covered by both entries in that Part shall be included in the label, together with the applicable label elements for any other classification not covered by that entry, and any other applicable label elements in accordance with Article 17 of that Regulation. In cases where two different classifications are given in the two entries for the same hazard class or differentiation, the classification reflecting the more severe classification shall be used.";
(v) Note D shall be replaced by the following:
"Note D:
Certain substances which are susceptible to spontaneous polymerisation or decomposition are generally placed on the market in a stabilised form. It is in this form that they are listed in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.
However, such substances are sometimes placed on the market in a non-stabilised form. In this case, the supplier who places such a substance on the market must state on the label the name of the substance followed by the words "non-stabilised".";
(vi) Note E shall be deleted;
(vii) Note H shall be replaced by the following:
"Note H:
The classification and label shown for this substance applies to the hazard or hazards indicated by the hazard statement or hazard statements in combination with the hazard classification shown. The requirements of Article 4 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 on suppliers of this substance apply to all other hazard classes, differentiations and categories.
The final label shall follow the requirements of section 1.2 of Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
(viii) Note K shall be replaced by the following:
"Note K:
The classification as a carcinogen or mutagen need not apply if it can be shown that the substance contains less than 0,1 % w/w 1,3-butadiene (Einecs No 203-450-8). If the substance is not classified as a carcinogen or mutagen, at least the precautionary statements (P102-)P210-P403 should apply. This note applies only to certain complex oil-derived substances in Part 3 of Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
(ix) Note S shall be replaced by the following:
"Note S:
This substance may not require a label according to Article 17 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 (see section 1.3 of Annex I to that Regulation).";
(b) in Appendix 1, the title shall be replaced by the following:
"Point 28 — Carcinogens: category 1A (Table 3.1)/category 1 (Table 3.2)";
(c) Appendix 2 shall be amended as follows:
(i) the title shall be replaced by "Point 28 — Carcinogens: category 1B (Table 3.1)/ category 2 (Table 3.2)";
(ii) in the entries index Nos 024-017-00-8, 611-024-001, 611-029-00-9, 611-030-00-4 and 650-017-00-8, the words "Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by "Annex VI to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
(d) in Appendix 3, the title shall be replaced by the following:
"Point 29 — Mutagens: category 1A (Table 3.1)/category 1 (Table 3.2)";
(e) in Appendix 4, the title shall be replaced by the following:
"Point 29 — Mutagens: category 1B (Table 3.1)/category 2 (Table 3.2)";
(f) in Appendix 5, the title shall be replaced by the following:
"Point 30 — Reproductive toxicants: category 1A (Table 3.1)/category 1 (Table 3.2)";
(g) in Appendix 6, the title shall be replaced by the following:
"Point 30 — Reproductive toxicants: category 1B (Table 3.1)/category 2 (Table 3.2)";
11. the word "preparation" or "preparations" within the meaning of Article 3 (2) of Regulation (EC) 1907/2006 shall be replaced by "mixture" or "mixtures" respectively throughout the text.
Article 58
Amendments to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 from 1 December 2010
Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall be amended from 1 December 2010 as follows:
1. in Article 14(4), the introductory sentence shall be replaced by the following:
"4. If, as a result of carrying out steps (a) to (d) of paragraph 3, the registrant concludes that the substance fulfils the criteria for any of the following hazard classes or categories set out in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008:
(a) hazard classes 2.1 to 2.4, 2.6 and 2.7, 2.8 types A and B, 2.9, 2.10, 2.12, 2.13 categories 1 and 2, 2.14 categories 1 and 2, 2.15 types A to F;
(b) hazard classes 3.1 to 3.6, 3.7 adverse effects on sexual function and fertility or on development, 3.8 effects other than narcotic effects, 3.9 and 3.10;
(c) hazard class 4.1;
(d) hazard class 5.1,
or is assessed to be a PBT or vPvB, the chemical safety assessment shall include the following additional steps:";
2. Article 31 shall be amended as follows
(a) paragraph 1(a) shall be replaced by the following:
"(a) where a substance meets the criteria for classification as hazardous in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 or a mixture meets the criteria for classification as dangerous in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC; or";
(b) paragraph 4 shall be replaced by the following:
"4. The safety data sheet need not be supplied where substances that are hazardous in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 or mixtures that are dangerous in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC, offered or sold to the general public, are provided with sufficient information to enable users to take the necessary measures as regards the protection of human health, safety and the environment, unless requested by a downstream user or distributor.";
3. Article 40(1) shall be replaced by the following:
"1. The Agency shall examine any testing proposal set out in a registration or a downstream user report for provision of the information specified in Annexes IX and X for a substance. Priority shall be given to registrations of substances which have or may have PBT, vPvB, sensitising and/or carcinogenic, mutagenic or toxic for reproduction (CMR) properties, or substances above 100 tonnes per year with uses resulting in widespread and diffuse exposure, provided they fulfil the criteria for any of the following hazard classes or categories set out in Annex I of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008:
(a) hazard classes 2.1 to 2.4, 2.6 and 2.7, 2.8 types A and B, 2.9, 2.10, 2.12, 2.13 categories 1 and 2, 2.14 categories 1 and 2, 2.15 types A to F;
(b) hazard classes 3.1 to 3.6, 3.7 adverse effects on sexual function and fertility or on development, 3.8 effects other than narcotic effects, 3.9 and 3.10;
(c) hazard class 4.1;
(d) hazard class 5.1.";
4. Article 57(a), (b) and (c) shall be replaced by the following:
"(a) substances meeting the criteria for classification in the hazard class carcinogenicity category 1A or 1B in accordance with section 3.6 of Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008;
(b) substances meeting the criteria for classification in the hazard class germ cell mutagenicity category 1A or 1B in accordance with section 3.5 of Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008;
(c) substances meeting the criteria for classification in the hazard class reproductive toxicity category 1A or 1B, adverse effects on sexual function and fertility or on development in accordance with section 3.7 of Annex I to Regulation(EC) No 1272/2008;";
5. in Article 65 the words "Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by "Directive 67/548/EEC and Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
6. Article 68(2) shall be replaced by the following:
"2. For a substance on its own, in a mixture or in an article which meets the criteria for classification in the hazard classes carcinogenicity, germ cell mutagenicity or reproductive toxicity, category 1A or 1B, and could be used by consumers and for which restrictions to consumer use are proposed by the Commission, Annex XVII shall be amended in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 133(4). Articles 69 to 73 shall not apply.";
7. Article 119 shall be amended as follows:
(a) in paragraph 1, point (a) shall be replaced by the following:
"(a) without prejudice to paragraph 2(f) and (g) of this Article, the name in the IUPAC nomenclature for substances fulfilling the criteria for any of the following hazard classes or categories set out in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008:
- hazard classes 2.1 to 2.4, 2.6 and 2.7, 2.8 types A and B, 2.9, 2.10, 2.12, 2.13 categories 1 and 2, 2.14 categories 1 and 2, 2.15 types A to F;
- hazard classes 3.1 to 3.6, 3.7 adverse effects on sexual function and fertility or on development, 3.8 effects other than narcotic effects, 3.9 and 3.10;
- hazard class 4.1;
- hazard class 5.1.";
(b) paragraph 2 shall be amended as follows:
(i) point (f) shall be replaced by the following:
"(f) subject to Article 24 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the name in the IUPAC nomenclature for non-phase-in substances referred to in paragraph 1(a) of this Article for a period of six years;"
(ii) in point (g), the introductory phrase shall be replaced by the following:
"(g) subject to Article 24 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the name in the IUPAC nomenclature for substances referred to in paragraph 1(a) of this Article that are only used as one or more of the following:";
8. in Article 138(1), the second sentence of the introductory phrase shall be replaced by the following:
"However, for substances meeting the criteria for classification in the hazard classes carcinogenicity, germ cell mutagenicity or reproductive toxicity, category 1A or 1B, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the review shall be carried out by 1 June 2014.";
9. Annex III shall be amended as follows:
(a) point (a) shall be replaced by the following:
"(a) substances for which it is predicted (i.e. by the application of (Q)SARs or other evidence) that they are likely to meet the criteria for category 1A or 1B classification in the hazard classes carcinogenicity, germ cell mutagenicity or reproductive toxicity or the criteria in Annex XIII;";
(b) in point (b), point (ii) shall be replaced by the following:
"(ii) for which it is predicted (i.e. by application of (Q)SARs or other evidence) that they are likely to meet the classification criteria for any health or environmental hazard classes or differentiations under Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
10. in Annex V, point 8, the words "Directive 67/548/EEC" shall be replaced by "Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
11. in Annex VI, sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 shall be replaced by the following:
"4.1 The hazard classification of the substance(s), resulting from the application of Title I and II of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 for all hazard classes and categories in that Regulation,
In addition, for each entry, the reasons why no classification is given for a hazard class or differentiation of a hazard class should be provided (i.e. if data are lacking, inconclusive, or conclusive but not sufficient for classification),
4.2 The resulting hazard label for the substance(s), resulting from the application of Title III of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008,
4.3 Specific concentration limits, where applicable, resulting from the application of Article 10 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 and Articles 4 to 7 of Directive 1999/45/EC.";
12. Annex VIII shall be amended as follows:
(a) in column 2, the second indent of point 8.4.2 shall be replaced by the following:
- "— the substance is known to be carcinogenic category 1A or 1B or germ cell mutagenic category 1A, 1B or 2.";
(b) in column 2, the second and third paragraphs of point 8.7.1 shall be replaced by the following:
"If a substance is known to have an adverse effect on fertility, meeting the criteria for classification as toxic for reproduction category 1A or 1B: May damage fertility (H360F), and the available data are adequate to support a robust risk assessment, then no further testing for fertility will be necessary. However, testing for developmental toxicity must be considered.
If a substance is known to cause developmental toxicity, meeting the criteria for classification as toxic for reproduction category 1A or 1B: May damage the unborn child (H360D), and the available data are adequate to support a robust risk assessment, then no further testing for developmental toxicity will be necessary. However, testing for effects on fertility must be considered.";
13. in Annex IX, column 2, point 8.7, the second and third paragraphs shall be replaced by the following:
"If a substance is known to have an adverse effect on fertility, meeting the criteria for classification as toxic for reproduction category 1A or 1B: May damage fertility (H360F), and the available data are adequate to support a robust risk assessment, then no further testing for fertility will be necessary. However, testing for developmental toxicity must be considered.
If a substance is known to cause developmental toxicity, meeting the criteria for classification as toxic for reproduction category 1A or 1B: May damage the unborn child (H360D), and the available data are adequate to support a robust risk assessment, then no further testing for developmental toxicity will be necessary. However, testing for effects on fertility must be considered.";
14. Annex X shall be amended as follows:
(a) in column 2, point 8.7, the second and third paragraphs shall be replaced by the following:
"If a substance is known to have an adverse effect on fertility, meeting the criteria for classification as toxic for reproduction category 1A or 1B: May damage fertility (H360F), and the available data are adequate to support a robust risk assessment, then no further testing for fertility will be necessary. However, testing for developmental toxicity must be considered.
If a substance is known to cause developmental toxicity, meeting the criteria for classification as toxic for reproduction category 1A or 1B: May damage the unborn child (H360D), and the available data are adequate to support a robust risk assessment, then no further testing for developmental toxicity will be necessary. However, testing for effects on fertility must be considered."
(b) in column 2, point 8.9.1, the second indent of the first paragraph shall be replaced by the following:
- "— the substance is classified as germ cell mutagen category 2 or there is evidence from the repeated dose study(ies) that the substance is able to induce hyperplasia and/or pre-neoplastic lesions."
(c) in column 2, the second paragraph of point 8.9.1 shall be replaced by the following:
"If the substance is classified as germ cell mutagen category 1A or 1B, the default presumption would be that a genotoxic mechanism for carcinogenicity is likely. In these cases, a carcinogenicity test will normally not be required.";
15. in Annex XIII, the second and third indents of point 1.3 shall be replaced by the following:
- "— the substance is classified as carcinogenic (category 1A or 1B), germ cell mutagenic (category 1A or 1B), or toxic for reproduction (category 1A, 1B or 2), or
- — there is other evidence of chronic toxicity, as identified by the classifications STOT (repeated exposure), category 1 (oral, dermal, inhalation of gases/vapours, inhalation of dust/mist/fume) or category 2 (oral, dermal, inhalation of gases/vapours, inhalation of dust/mist/fume) according to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008";
16. in the table in Annex XVII, the column "Designation of the substance, of the groups of substances or of the mixture" shall be amended as follows:
(a) entry 3 shall be replaced by the following:
"3. Liquid substances or mixtures which are regarded as dangerous in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC or are fulfilling the criteria for any of the following hazard classes or categories set out in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008:
(a) hazard classes 2.1 to 2.4, 2.6 and 2.7, 2.8 types A and B, 2.9, 2.10, 2.12, 2.13 categories 1 and 2, 2.14 categories 1 and 2, 2.15 types A to F;
(b) hazard classes 3.1 to 3.6, 3.7 adverse effects on sexual function and fertility or on development, 3.8 effects other than narcotic effects, 3.9 and 3.10;
(c) hazard class 4.1;
(d) hazard class 5.1.";
(b) entry 40 shall be replaced by the following:
"40. Substances classified as flammable gases category 1 or 2, flammable liquids categories 1, 2 or 3, flammable solids category 1 or 2, substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases, category 1, 2 or 3, pyrophoric liquids category 1 or pyrophoric solids category 1, regardless of whether they appear in Part 3 of Annex VI to that Regulation or not.".
Article 59
Amendments to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 from 1 June 2015
Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall be amended from 1 June 2015 as follows:
1. Article 14(2) shall be replaced by the following:
"2. A chemical safety assessment in accordance with paragraph 1 need not be performed for a substance which is present in a mixture if the concentration of the substance in the mixture is less than
(a) the cut-off value referred to in Article 11, paragraph 3 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008;
(b) 0,1 % weight by weight (w/w), if the substance meets the criteria in Annex XIII to this Regulation.";
2. Article 31 shall be amended as follows:
(a) in paragraph 1, point (a) shall be replaced by the following:
"(a) where a substance or mixture meets the criteria for classification as hazardous in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008; or";
(b) paragraph 3 shall be replaced by the following:
"3. The supplier shall provide the recipient at his request with a safety data sheet compiled in accordance with Annex II, where a mixture does not meet the criteria for classification as hazardous in accordance with Titles I and II of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, but contains:
(a) in an individual concentration of ≥ 1 % by weight for non-gaseous mixtures and ≥ 0,2 % by volume for gaseous mixtures at least one substance posing human health or environmental hazards; or
(b) in an individual concentration of ≥ 0,1 % by weight for non-gaseous mixtures at least one substance that is carcinogenic category 2 or toxic to reproduction category 1A, 1B and 2, skin sensitiser category 1, respiratory sensitiser category 1, or has effects on or via lactation or is persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic (PBT) in accordance with the criteria set out in Annex XIII or very persistent and very bioaccumulative (vPvB) in accordance with the criteria set out in Annex XIII or has been included for reasons other than those referred to in point (a) in the list established in accordance with Article 59(1); or
(c) a substance for which there are Community workplace exposure limits";
(c) paragraph 4 shall be replaced by the following:
"4. The safety data sheet need not be supplied where hazardous substances or mixtures offered or sold to the general public are provided with sufficient information to enable users to take the necessary measures as regards the protection of human health, safety and the environment, unless requested by a downstream user or distributor.";
3. Article 56(6)(b) shall be replaced by the following:
"(b) for all other substances, below the values specified in Article 11(3) of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 which result in the classification of the mixture as hazardous.";
4. in Article 65 the words "and Directive 1999/45/EC" shall be deleted;
5. Annex II shall be amended as follows:
(a) point 1.1 shall be replaced by:
"1.1. Identification of the substance or mixture
The term used for identification of a substance shall be identical to that provided on the label in accordance with Article 18(2) of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.
The term used for identification of a mixture shall be identical to that provided on the label in accordance with Article 18(3)(a) of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
(b) footnote 1 to point 3.3(a), first indent, shall be deleted;
(c) point 3.6 shall be replaced by:
"3.6. Where, in accordance with Article 24 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008, the Agency has agreed that the chemical identity of a substance may be kept confidential on the label and in the safety data sheet, their chemical nature shall be described under heading 3 in order to ensure safe handling.
The name used on the safety data sheet (including for the purposes of paragraphs 1.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.5) shall be the same as that used on the label, agreed in accordance with the procedure set out in Article 24 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
6. in Annex VI section 4.3 shall be replaced by the following:
"4.3 Specific concentration limits, where applicable, resulting from the application of Article 10 of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
7. Annex XVII shall be amended as follows:
(a) in the column "Designation of the substance, of the groups of substances or of the mixture" of the table in entry 3, the words "which are regarded as dangerous in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC or are" shall be deleted;
(b) in the column "Conditions of restriction" of the table, entry 28 shall be amended as follows:
(i) the second indent of point 1 shall be replaced by the following:
- "— the relevant generic concentration limit specified in Part 3 of Annex I of Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.";
(ii) point 2 (d) shall be replaced by the following:
"(d) artists’ paints covered by Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.".
Article 60
Repeal
Directive 67/548/EEC and Directive 1999/45/EC shall be repealed with effect from 1 June 2015.
Article 61
Transitional provisions
1. Until 1 December 2010, substances shall be classified, labelled and packaged in accordance with Directive 67/548/EEC.
Until 1 June 2015, mixtures shall be classified, labelled and packaged in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC.
2. By way of derogation from the second subparagraph of Article 62 of this Regulation and in addition to the requirements of paragraph 1 of this Article, substances and mixtures may, before 1 December 2010 and 1 June 2015 respectively, be classified, labelled and packaged in accordance with this Regulation. In that case, the provisions on labelling and packaging in Directives 67/548/EEC and 1999/45/EC shall not apply.
3. From 1 December 2010 until 1 June 2015, substances shall be classified in accordance with both Directive 67/548/EEC and this Regulation. They shall be labelled and packaged in accordance with this Regulation.
4. By way of derogation from the second subparagraph of Article 62 of this Regulation, substances classified, labelled and packaged in accordance with Directive 67/548/EEC and already placed on the market before 1 December 2010, are not required to be relabelled and repackaged in accordance with this Regulation until 1 December 2012.
By way of derogation from the second subparagraph of Article 62 of this Regulation, mixtures classified, labelled and packaged in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC and already placed on the market before 1 June 2015 are not required to be relabelled and repackaged in accordance with this Regulation until 1 June 2017.
5. Where a substance or mixture has been classified in accordance with Directive 67/548/EEC or 1999/45/EC before 1 December 2010 or 1 June 2015 respectively, manufacturers, importers and downstream users may amend the classification of the substance or mixture using the conversion table in Annex VII to this Regulation.
6. Until 1 December 2011 a Member State may maintain any existing and more stringent classification and labelling of substances entered into Part 3 of Annex VI to this Regulation, provided that these classifications and labelling elements have been notified to the Commission in accordance with the safeguard clause in Directive 67/548/EEC before 20 January 2009 and that the Member State submits a proposal for harmonised classification and labelling containing these classifications and labelling elements to the Agency in accordance with Article 37(1) of this Regulation by 1 June 2009.
It is a precondition that a decision on the proposed classification and labelling by the Commission in accordance with the safeguard clause of Directive 67/548/EEC has not yet been taken before 20 January 2009.
If the proposed harmonised classification and labelling submitted under the first subparagraph is not included or is included in an amended form in Part 3 of Annex VI in accordance with Article 37(5), the exemption in the first subparagraph of this paragraph is no longer valid.
Article 62
Entry into force
This Regulation shall enter into force on the 20th day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union.
Titles II, III and IV shall apply in respect of substances from 1 December 2010 and in respect of mixtures from 1 June 2015.
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.

Done at Strasbourg, 16 December 2008.
For the European Parliament
The President
H.-G. Pöttering
For the Council
The President
B. Le Maire
[1] OJ C 204, 9.8.2008, p. 47.
[2] Opinion of the European Parliament of 3 September 2008 (not yet published in the Official Journal).
[3] OJ L 262, 27.9.1976, p. 169.
[4] OJ L 213, 21.7.1982, p. 8.
[5] OJ L 184, 15.7.1988, p. 61.
[6] OJ L 40, 11.2.1989, p. 27.
[7] OJ L 189, 20.7.1990, p. 17.
[8] OJ L 169, 12.7.1993, p. 1.
[9] OJ L 331, 7.12.1998, p. 1.
[10] OJ L 84, 27.3.1999, p. 1.
[11] OJ L 311, 28.11.2001, p. 1.
[12] OJ L 311, 28.11.2001, p. 67.
[13] OJ L 31, 1.2.2002, p. 1.
[14] OJ L 268, 18.10.2003, p. 29.
[15] OJ L 396, 30.12.2006, p. 1. Corrected version in OJ L 136, 29.5.2007, p. 3.
[16] OJ 196, 16.8.1967, p. 1.
[17] OJ L 200, 30.7.1999, p. 1.
[18] OJ L 358, 18.12.1986, p. 1.
[19] OJ L 142, 31.5.2008, p. 1.
[20] OJ L 50, 20.2.2004, p. 44.
[21] OJ L 230, 19.8.1991, p. 1.
[22] OJ L 123, 24.4.1998, p. 1.
[23] OJ C 364, 18.12.2000, p. 1.
[24] OJ L 184, 17.7.1999, p. 23.
[25] OJ L 159, 29.6.1996, p. 1.
[26] OJ L 114, 27.4.2006, p. 9.
[27] OJ L 147, 9.6.1975, p. 40.
[28] OJ L 144, 4.6.1997, p. 19.
[] OJ L 353, 31.12.2008, p. 1";
[] OJ L 353, 31.12.2008, p. 1";
[] OJ L 353, 31.12.2008, p. 1";
--------------------------------------------------
ANNEX I
CLASSIFICATION AND LABELLING REQUIREMENTS FOR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES AND MIXTURES
This annex sets out the criteria for classification in hazard classes and in their differentiations and sets out additional provisions on how the criteria may be met.
1. PART 1: GENERAL PRINCIPLES FOR CLASSIFICATION AND LABELLING
1.0. Definitions
Gas means a substance which:
(i) at 50 oC has a vapour pressure greater than 300 kPa (absolute); or
(ii) is completely gaseous at 20 oC at a standard pressure of 101,3 kPa;
Liquid means a substance or mixture which:
(i) at 50 oC has a vapour pressure of not more than 300 kPa (3 bar);
(ii) is not completely gaseous at 20 oC and at a standard pressure of 101,3 kPa; and
(iii) which has a melting point or initial melting point of 20 oC or less at a standard pressure of 101,3 kPa;
Solid means a substance or mixture which does not meet the definitions of liquid or gas.
1.1. Classification of substances and mixtures
1.1.0. Cooperation to meet the requirements in this Regulation
Suppliers in a supply chain shall cooperate to meet the requirements for classification, labelling and packaging set out in this Regulation.
Suppliers in an industry sector may cooperate to manage the transitional arrangements in Article 61 for substances and mixtures placed on the market.
Suppliers in an industry sector may cooperate through formation of a network or by other means to share data and expertise when classifying substances and mixtures in accordance with Title II of this Regulation. In these circumstances suppliers in an industry sector shall document fully the basis on which classification decisions are made and shall make available to the competent authorities and, on request, to the relevant enforcement authorities the documentation, together with the data and information on which classifications are based. However, where suppliers in an industry sector cooperate in this way, each supplier shall remain fully responsible for the classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures he places on the market, and for meeting any other requirements of this Regulation.
The network may also be used to exchange information and best practices with a view to simplifying fulfilment of the notification obligations.
1.1.1. The role and application of expert judgement and weight of evidence determination
1.1.1.1. Where the criteria cannot be applied directly to available identified information, or where only the information referred to in Article 6(5) is available, the weight of evidence determination using expert judgment shall be applied in accordance with Article 9(3) or 9(4) respectively.
1.1.1.2. The approach to classifying mixtures may include the application of expert judgement in a number of areas in order to ensure existing information can be used for as many mixtures as possible in order to provide protection for human health and the environment. Expert judgement may also be required in interpreting data for hazard classification of substances, especially where weight of evidence determinations are needed.
1.1.1.3. A weight of evidence determination means that all available information bearing on the determination of hazard is considered together, such as the results of suitable in vitro tests, relevant animal data, information from the application of the category approach (grouping, read-across), (Q)SAR results, human experience such as occupational data and data from accident databases, epidemiological and clinical studies and well-documented case reports and observations. The quality and consistency of the data shall be given appropriate weight. Information on substances or mixtures related to the substance or mixture being classified shall be considered as appropriate, as well as site of action and mechanism or mode of action study results. Both positive and negative results shall be assembled together in a single weight of evidence determination.
1.1.1.4. For the purpose of classification for health hazards (Part 3) established hazardous effects seen in appropriate animal studies or from human experience that are consistent with the criteria for classification shall normally justify classification. Where evidence is available from both humans and animals and there is a conflict between the findings, the quality and reliability of the evidence from both sources shall be evaluated in order to resolve the question of classification. Generally, adequate, reliable and representative data on humans (including epidemiological studies, scientifically valid case studies as specified in this Annex or statistically backed experience) shall have precedence over other data. However, even well-designed and conducted epidemiological studies may lack a sufficient number of subjects to detect relatively rare but still significant effects, to assess potentially confounding factors. Therefore, positive results from well-conducted animal studies are not necessarily negated by the lack of positive human experience but require an assessment of the robustness, quality and statistical power of both the human and animal data.
1.1.1.5. For the purpose of classification for health hazards (Part 3) route of exposure, mechanistic information and metabolism studies are pertinent to determining the relevance of an effect in humans. When such information, as far as there is reassurance about the robustness and quality of the data, raises doubt about relevance in humans, a lower classification may be warranted. When there is scientific evidence that the mechanism or mode of action is not relevant to humans, the substance or mixture should not be classified.
1.1.2. Specific concentration limits, M-factors and generic cut-off values
1.1.2.1. Specific concentration limits or M-factors shall be applied in accordance with Article 10.
1.1.2.2. Cut-off values
1.1.2.2.1. Cut-off values indicate when the presence of a substance needs to be taken into account for the purposes of classification of a substance or a mixture containing that hazardous substance, whether as an identified impurity, additive, or individual constituent (see Article 11).
1.1.2.2.2. The cut-off values referred to in Article 11 shall be the following:
(a) For health and environmental hazards in Parts 3, 4 and 5 of this Annex:
(i) for substances where a specific concentration limit is set for the relevant hazard class or differentiation either in Part 3 of Annex VI or in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42, and where the hazard class or differentiation is mentioned in Table 1.1, the lower of the specific concentration limit and the relevant generic cut-off value in Table 1.1; or
(ii) for substances where a specific concentration limit is set for the relevant hazard class or differentiation either in Part 3 of Annex VI or in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42, and where the hazard class or differentiation is not mentioned in Table 1.1, the specific concentration limit set either in Part 3 of Annex VI or in the classification and labelling inventory; or
(iii) for substances where no specific concentration limit is set for the relevant hazard class or differentiation either in Part 3 of Annex VI or in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42, and where the hazard class or differentiation is mentioned in Table 1.1, the relevant generic cut-off value set out in that table; or
(iv) for substances where no specific concentration limit is set for the relevant hazard class or differentiation either in Part 3 of Annex VI or in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42, and where the hazard class or differentiation is not mentioned in Table 1.1, the generic concentration limit for classification in the relevant sections of Parts 3, 4 and 5 of this Annex.
(b) For aquatic environmental hazards in section 4.1 of this Annex:
(i) for substances where an M-factor has been set for the relevant hazard category either in Part 3 of Annex VI, or in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42, the generic cut-off value in Table 1.1 adjusted using the calculation set out in section 4.1 of this Annex; or
(ii) for substances where no M-factor is set for the relevant hazard category either in Part 3 of Annex VI or in the classification and labelling inventory referred to in Article 42, the relevant generic cut-off value set out in Table 1.1.
Table 1.1
Generic cut-off values
Hazard class | Generic cut-off values to be taken into account |
Acute Toxicity: | |
Category 1-3 | 0,1 % |
Category 4 | 1 % |
Skin corrosion/Irritation | 1 % [1] |
Serious damage to eyes/eye irritation | 1 % [2] |
Hazardous to Aquatic Environment | |
Acute Category 1 | 0,1 % [3] |
Chronic Category 1 | 0,1 % [3] |
Chronic Category 2-4 | 1 % |
Note
Generic cut-off values are in weight percentages except for gaseous mixtures where they are in volume percentage.
1.1.3. Bridging principles for the classification of mixtures where test data are not available for the complete mixture
Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its hazardous properties, but there are sufficient data on similar tested mixtures and individual hazardous ingredient substances to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the following bridging rules referred to in Article 9(4) for each individual hazard class in Part 3 and Part 4 of this Annex, subject to any specific provisions for mixtures in each hazard class.
1.1.3.1. Dilution
If a mixture is diluted with a substance (diluent) which has an equivalent or lower hazard category classification than the least hazardous original ingredient substance and which is not expected to affect the hazard classification of other ingredient substances, then one of the following shall be applied:
- the new mixture shall be classified as equivalent to the original mixture;
- the method explained in each section of Part 3 and in Part 4 for classification of mixtures when data are available for all components or only some components of the mixture;
- in the case of acute toxicity, the method for classification of mixtures based on ingredients of the mixture (additivity formula).
1.1.3.2. Batching
The hazard category of one production batch of a mixture can be assumed to be substantially equivalent to that of another production batch of the same commercial product, and produced by or under the control of the same supplier, unless there is reason to believe there is significant variation such that the hazard classification of the batch has changed. If the latter occurs, a new evaluation is necessary.
1.1.3.3. Concentration of highly hazardous mixtures
In the case of the classification of mixtures covered by sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10 and 4.1, if a mixture is classified in the highest hazard category or sub-category, and the concentration of the ingredients of the mixture that are in that category or sub-category is increased, the new mixture shall be classified in that category or sub-category without additional testing.
1.1.3.4. Interpolation within one toxicity category
In the case of the classification of mixtures covered by sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10 and 4.1, for three mixtures with identical hazardous ingredients, where mixtures A and B are in the same hazard category and mixture C has the same active hazardous ingredients with concentrations intermediate to the concentrations of those hazardous ingredients in mixtures A and B, then mixture C is assumed to be in the same hazard category as A and B.
1.1.3.5. Substantially similar mixtures
Given the following:
(a) two mixtures each containing two ingredients:
(i) A + B
(ii) C + B;
(b) the concentration of ingredient B is essentially the same in both mixtures;
(c) the concentration of ingredient A in mixture (i) equals that of ingredient C in mixture (ii);
(d) hazard data for A and C are available and substantially equivalent, i.e. they are in the same hazard category and are not expected to affect the hazard classification of B.
If mixture (i) is already classified in a particular hazard class based on test data, mixture (ii) shall be assigned the same hazard category.
1.1.3.6. Review of classification where the composition of a mixture has changed
The following variations in initial concentration are defined for the application of Article 15(2)(a):
Table 1.2
Bridging Principle for changes in the composition of a mixture
Initial concentration range of the constituent | Permitted variation in initial concentration of the constituent |
≤ 2,5 % | ± 30 % |
2,5 10 25 1.1.3.7. Aerosols
In the case of the classification of mixtures covered by sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.8 and 3.9, an aerosol form of a mixture shall be classified in the same hazard category as the non-aerosolised form of the mixture, provided that the added propellant does not affect the hazardous properties of the mixture upon spraying and scientific evidence is available demonstrating that the aerosolised form is not more hazardous than the nonaerosolised form.
1.2. Labelling
1.2.1. Dimensions and make-up of the label elements
1.2.1.1. Hazard pictograms as laid down in Annex V shall have a black symbol on a white background with a red frame sufficiently wide to be clearly visible.
1.2.1.2. Hazard pictograms shall be in the shape of a square set at a point. Each hazard pictogram shall cover at least one fifteenth of the surface area of the harmonised label but the minimum area shall not be less than 1 cm2.
1.2.1.3. The dimensions of the label shall be as follows:
Table 1.3
Dimension of labels
Capacity of the package | Dimensions (in millimetres) |
Not exceeding 3 litres: | If possible, at least 52 × 74 |
Greater than 3 litres but, not exceeding 50 litres: | At least 74 × 105 |
Greater than 50 litres but not exceeding 500 litres: | At least 105 × 148 |
Greater than 500 litres: | At least 148 × 210 |
1.3. Derogations from labelling requirements for special cases
In accordance with Article 23 the following derogations shall apply:
1.3.1. Transportable gas cylinders
For transportable gas cylinders, one of the following shall be permitted to be used for gas cylinders with a water capacity of less than or equal to 150 litres:
(a) A format and dimensions following the prescriptions of the current edition of Standard ISO 7225 relating to "Gas cylinders — Precautionary labels". In this case, the label can bear the generic name or industrial or commercial name of the substance or mixture provided that the hazardous substances in a mixture are shown on the body of the gas cylinder in a clear and indelible way.
(b) The information specified in Article 17 provided on a durable information disc or label held captive on the cylinder.
1.3.2. Gas containers intended for propane, butane or liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)
1.3.2.1. If propane, butane and liquefied petroleum gas or a mixture containing these substances classified in accordance with the criteria of this Annex, is placed on the market in closed refillable cylinders or in non-refillable cartridges within the scope of EN 417 as fuel gases which are only released for combustion (current edition of EN 417, relating to "Non-refillable metallic gas cartridges for liquefied petroleum gases, with or without a valve, for use with portable appliances; construction, inspection, testing and marking"), these cylinders or cartridges shall only be labelled with the appropriate pictogram and the hazard and precautionary statements concerning flammability.
1.3.2.2. No information concerning the effects on human health and the environment is required on the label. Instead the supplier shall provide the information concerning effects on human health and the environment to downstream users or distributors by means of the safety data sheet (SDS).
1.3.2.3. For consumers, sufficient information shall be transmitted to enable them to take all necessary measures for health and safety.
1.3.3. Aerosols and containers fitted with a sealed spray attachment and containing substances or mixtures classified as presenting an aspiration hazard
With regard to the application of section 3.10.4, substances or mixtures classified in accordance with the criteria of sections 3.10.2 and 3.10.3 need not be labelled for this hazard when placed on the market in aerosol containers or in containers fitted with a sealed spray attachment.
1.3.4. Metals in massive form, alloys, mixtures containing polymers, mixtures containing elastomers
1.3.4.1. Metals in massive form, alloys, mixtures containing polymers and mixtures containing elastomers do not require a label according to this Annex, if they do not present a hazard to human health by inhalation, ingestion or contact with skin or to the aquatic environment in the form in which they are placed on the market, although classified as hazardous in accordance with the criteria of this Annex.
1.3.4.2. Instead, the supplier shall provide the information to downstream users or distributors by means of the SDS.
1.3.5. Explosives placed on the market with a view to obtaining an explosive or pyrotechnic effect
Explosives, as referred to in section 2.1, placed on the market with a view to obtaining an explosive or pyrotechnic effect shall be labelled and packaged in accordance with the requirements for explosives only.
1.4. Request for use of an alternative chemical name
1.4.1. Requests for use of an alternative chemical name under Article 24 may be granted only where
(I) the substance has not been assigned a Community workplace exposure limit; and
(II) the manufacturer, importer or downstream user can demonstrate that the use of the alternative chemical name meets the need to provide enough information for necessary health and safety precautions to be taken in the workplace and the need to ensure that risks from handling the mixture can be controlled; and
(III) the substance is classified exclusively as one or more of the following hazard categories:
(a) any of the hazard categories referred to in Part 2 of this Annex;
(b) Acute toxicity, Category 4;
(c) Skin corrosion/irritation, Category 2;
(d) Serious eye damage/eye irritation, Category 2;
(e) Specific target organ toxicity — Single exposure, Category 2 or 3;
(f) Specific target organ toxicity — Repeated exposure, Category 2;
(g) Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic, Category 3 or 4.
1.4.2. The choice of the chemical name(s) for mixtures intended for the fragrance or perfume industry
In the case of substances occurring in nature, a chemical name or chemical names of the type "essential oil of …" or "extract of …" may be used instead of the chemical names of the components of that essential oil or extract as referred to in Article 18(3)(b).
1.5. Exemptions from labelling and packaging requirements
1.5.1. Exemptions from Article 31 [(Article 29(1))]
1.5.1.1. Where Article 29(1) applies, the label elements mentioned in Article 17 may be provided in one of the following ways:
(a) in fold-out labels; or
(b) on tie-on tags; or
(c) on an outer packaging.
1.5.1.2. The label on any inner packaging shall contain at least hazard pictograms, the product identifier referred to in Article 18 and name and telephone number of the supplier of the substance or mixture.
1.5.2. Exemptions from Article 17 [(Article 29(2)]
1.5.2.1. Labelling of packages where the contents do not exceed 125 ml
1.5.2.1.1. The hazard statements and the precautionary statements linked to the hazard categories listed below may be omitted from the label elements required by Article 17 where:
(a) the contents of the package do not exceed 125 ml; and
(b) the substance or mixture is classified in one or more of the following hazard categories:
1) Oxidising gases of category 1;
2) Gases under pressure;
3) Flammable liquids of category 2 or 3;
4) Flammable solids of category 1 or 2;
5) Self-reactive substances or mixtures Types C to F;
6) Self-heating substances or mixtures of category 2;
7) Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases of categories 1, 2 or 3;
8) Oxidising liquids of category 2 or 3;
9) Oxidising solids of category 2 or 3;
10) Organic peroxides Types C to F;
11) Acute toxicity of category 4, if the substances or mixtures are not supplied to the general public;
12) Skin irritation of category 2;
13) Eye irritation of category 2;
14) Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure of category 2 or 3, if the substance or mixture is not supplied to the general public;
15) Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure of category 2, if the substance or mixture is not supplied to the general public;
16) Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Acute of category 1;
17) Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic of category 1 or 2.
The exemptions for labelling of small packages of aerosols as flammable laid down in Directive 75/324/EEC shall apply to aerosol dispensers.
1.5.2.1.2. The precautionary statements linked to the hazard categories listed below may be omitted from the label elements required by Article 17 where:
(a) the contents of the package do not exceed 125 ml; and
(b) the substance or mixture is classified in one or more of the following hazard categories:
1) Flammable gases of category 2;
2) Reproductive toxicity: effects on or via lactation;
3) Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic of category 3 or 4.
1.5.2.1.3. The pictogram, the hazard statement and the precautionary statement linked to the hazard categories listed below may be omitted from the label elements required by Article 17 where:
(a) the contents of the package do not exceed 125 ml; and
(b) the substance or mixture is classified in one or more of the following hazard categories:
1) Corrosive to metals.
1.5.2.2. Labelling of soluble packaging for single use
The label elements required by Article 17 may be omitted from soluble packaging intended for single use where:
(a) The content of each soluble packaging does not exceed a volume of 25 ml;
(b) The classification of the contents of the soluble packaging is exclusively one or more of the hazard categories in 1.5.2.1.1 (b); and
(c) The soluble packaging is contained within outer packaging that fully meets the requirements of Article 17.
1.5.2.3. Section 1.5.2.2 shall not apply to substances or mixtures within the scope of Directives 91/414/EEC or 98/8/EC.
2. PART 2: PHYSICAL HAZARDS
2.1. Explosives
2.1.1. Definitions
2.1.1.1. The class of explosives comprises
(a) explosive substances and mixtures;
(b) explosive articles, except devices containing explosive substances or mixtures in such quantity or of such a character that their inadvertent or accidental ignition or initiation shall not cause any effect external to the device either by projection, fire, smoke, heat or loud noise; and
(c) substances, mixtures and articles not mentioned in points (a) and (b) which are manufactured with a view to producing a practical, explosive or pyrotechnic effect.
2.1.1.2. For the purposes of this Regulation the following definitions shall apply:
An explosive substance or mixture is a solid or liquid substance or mixture of substances which is in itself capable by chemical reaction of producing gas at such a temperature and pressure and at such a speed as to cause damage to the surroundings. Pyrotechnic substances are included even when they do not evolve gases.
A pyrotechnic substance or mixture is a substance or mixture of substances designed to produce an effect by heat, light, sound, gas or smoke or a combination of these as the result of non-detonative self-sustaining exothermic chemical reactions.
An unstable explosive is an explosive substance or mixture which is thermally unstable and/or too sensitive for normal handling, transport and use.
An explosive article is an article containing one or more explosive substances or mixtures.
A pyrotechnic article is an article containing one or more pyrotechnic substances or mixtures.
An intentional explosive is a substance, mixture or article which is manufactured with a view to producing a practical, explosive or pyrotechnic effect.
2.1.2. Classification criteria
2.1.2.1. Substances, mixtures and articles of this class are classified as an unstable explosive on the basis of the flowchart in Figure 2.1.2. The test methods are described in Part I of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria.
2.1.2.2. Substances, mixtures and articles of this class, which are not classified as an unstable explosive, shall be assigned to one of the following six divisions depending on the type of hazard they present:
(a) Division 1.1 Substances, mixtures and articles which have a mass explosion hazard (a mass explosion is one which affects almost the entire quantity present virtually instantaneously);
(b) Division 1.2 Substances, mixtures and articles which have a projection hazard but not a mass explosion hazard;
(c) Division 1.3 Substances, mixtures and articles which have a fire hazard and either a minor blast hazard or a minor projection hazard or both, but not a mass explosion hazard:
(i) combustion of which gives rise to considerable radiant heat; or
(ii) which burn one after another, producing minor blast or projection effects or both;
(d) Division 1.4 Substances, mixtures and articles which present no significant hazard:
- substances, mixtures and articles which present only a small hazard in the event of ignition or initiation. The effects are largely confined to the package and no projection of fragments of appreciable size or range is to be expected. An external fire shall not cause virtually instantaneous explosion of almost the entire contents of the package;
(e) Division 1.5 Very insensitive substances or mixtures which have a mass explosion hazard:
- substances and mixtures which have a mass explosion hazard but are so insensitive that there is very little probability of initiation or of transition from burning to detonation under normal conditions;
(f) Division 1.6 Extremely insensitive articles which do not have a mass explosion hazard:
- articles which contain only extremely insensitive detonating substances or mixtures and which demonstrate a negligible probability of accidental initiation or propagation.
2.1.2.3. Explosives, which are not classified as an unstable explosive, shall be classified in one of the six divisions referred to in paragraph 2.1.2.2 of this Annex based on Test Series 2 to 8 in Part I of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria according to the results of the tests laid down in Table 2.1.1:
Table 2.1.1
Criteria for explosives
Category | Criteria |
Unstable explosives or explosives of Divisions 1.1 to 1.6 | For explosives of Divisions 1.1 to 1.6, the following are the core set of tests that need to be performed: |
Explosibility: according to UN Test Series 2 (section 12 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria). Intentional explosives [4] shall not be subject to UN Test Series 2. |
Sensitiveness: according to UN Test Series 3 (section 13 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria). |
Thermal stability: according to UN Test 3(c) (sub-section 13.6.1 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria). Further tests are necessary to allocate the correct Division. |
2.1.2.4. If explosives are unpackaged or repacked in packaging other than the original or similar packaging, they shall be retested.
2.1.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances, mixtures or articles meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.1.2.
NOTE to Table 2.1.2: Unpackaged explosives or explosives repacked in packaging other than the original or similar packaging shall include all of the following label elements:
(a) the pictogram: exploding bomb;
(b) the signal word: "Danger"; and
(c) the hazard statement: "explosive; mass explosion hazard"
unless the hazard is shown to correspond to one of the hazard categories in Table 2.1.2, in which case the corresponding symbol, the signal word and/or the hazard statement shall be assigned.
Table 2.1.2
Label elements for explosives
Classification | Unstable Explosive | Division 1.1 | Division 1.2 | Division 1.3 | Division 1.4 | Division 1.5 | Division 1.6 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | | | | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Danger | Danger | Warning | Danger | No signal word |
Hazard Statement | H200: Unstable Explosive | H201: Explosive; mass explosion hazard | H202: Explosive; severe projection hazard | H203: Explosive; fire, blast or projection hazard | H204: Fire or projection hazard | H205: May mass explode in fire | No hazard statement |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P201 P202 P281 | P210 P230 P240 P250 P280 | P210 P230 P240 P250 P280 | P210 P230 P240 P250 P280 | P210 P240 P250 P280 | P210 P230 P240 P250 P280 | No precautionary statement |
Precautionary Statement Response | P372 P373 P380 | P370+P380 P372 P373 | P370+P380 P372 P373 | P370+P380 P372 P373 | P370+P380 P372 P373 | P370+P380 P372 P373 | No precautionary statement |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P401 | P401 | P401 | P401 | P401 | P401 | No precautionary statement |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 | No precautionary statement |
2.1.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.1.4.1. The classification of substances, mixtures and articles in the explosives hazard class and further allocation to a division is a very complex, three step procedure. Reference to Part I of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria is necessary.
The first step is to ascertain whether the substance or mixture has explosive effects (Test Series 1). The second step is the acceptance procedure (Test Series 2 to 4) and the third step is the assignment to a hazard division (Test Series 5 to 7). The assessment whether a candidate for "ammonium nitrate emulsion or suspension or gel, intermediate for blasting explosives (ANE)" is insensitive enough for inclusion as an oxidising liquid (section 2.13) or an oxidising solid (section 2.14) is answered by Test Series 8 tests.
Explosive substances and mixtures wetted with water or alcohols, or diluted with other substances to suppress their explosive properties, may be treated differently in terms of classification and other hazard classes may apply, according to their physical properties (see also Annex II section 1.1.).
Certain physical hazards (due to explosive properties) are altered by dilution, as is the case for desensitised explosives, by inclusion in a mixture or article, packaging or other factors.
The classification procedure is set out in the following decision logic (see Figures 2.1.1 to 2.1.4).
Figure 2.1.1
Overall scheme of the procedure for classifying a substance, mixture or article in the class of explosives (Class 1 for transport)
SUBSTANCE, MIXTURE OR ARTICLE FOR CLASSIFICATION
ACCEPTANCE PROCEDURE
CLASSIFY as an UNSTABLE EXPLOSIVE
REJECT Not an EXPLOSIVE
CLASSIFY AS AN EXPLOSIVE
HAZARDOUS DIVISION ASSIGNMENT
COMPATIBILITY GROUP ASSIGNMENT
DIVISION 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, OR 1.6 COMPATIBILITY GROUP A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, J, K, L, N or S (*)
CLASSIFICATION CODE (*)
(*) see UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Model Regulations, 15th rev. ed, sub-section 2.1.2.
+++++ TIFF +++++
Figure 2.1.2
Procedure for provisional acceptance of a substance, mixture or article in the class of explosives (Class 1 for transport)
SUBSTANCE/MIXTURE FOR CLASSIFICATION
ARTICLE FOR CLASSIFICATION
Is the substance/ mixture manufactured with a view to producing a practical explosive or pyrotechnic effect
Yes
Substance/mixture to be considered for this Class
No
TEST SERIES 3
Is the substance/ mixture a candidate for ammonium nitrate emulsion suspension or gel, intermediate for blasting explosive ANE?
Is the substance/mixture thermally stable?
Yes
No
No
Yes
TEST SERIES 8 Go to figure 2.1.4
TEST SERIES 1 (*)
Is the substance/mixture too dangerous in the form in which it was tested?
No
Yes
No
Is it an explosive substance/mixture?
Encapsulate and/or package the substance/mixture
Yes
TEST SERIES 2
TEST SERIES 4
Yes
Is the substance/mixture too insensitive for acceptance into this Class?
No
Is the article, packed article or packaged substance/mixture too dangerous?
No
Yes
NOT AN EXPLOSIVE
CLASSIFY as an Unstable Explosive
PROVISIONALLY ACCEPT INTO THIS CLASS (go to figure 2.1.3)
(*) For classification purposes, start with Test Series 2.
+++++ TIFF +++++
Figure 2.1.3
Procedure for assignment to a division in the class of explosives (Class 1 for transport)
ARTICLE OR SUBSTANCE/MIXTURE PROVISIONALLY ACCEPTED IN THIS CLASS (from figure 2.1.2)
Is the article a candidate for Division 1.6?
No
Is the substance/mixture a candidate for Division 1.5?
No
Package the substance/ mixture
TEST SERIES 6
Yes
TEST SERIES 7
Yes
Is the result a mass explosion?
Yes
Is it an extremely insensitive article?
No
TEST SERIES 5
No
No
Yes
Yes
Is it a very insensitive explosive substance/mixture with a mass explosion hazard?
Is the major hazard that from dangerous projections?
Yes
No
No
Is the major hazard radiant heat and/or violent burning but with no dangerous blast or projection hazard?
No
Is there a small hazard in the event of ignition or initiation?
Yes
No
Is the substance/ mixture or article manufactured with the view to producing a practical explosive or pyrotechnic effect?
Yes
Yes
No
Would the hazard hinder fire-fighting in the immediate vicinity?
Yes
Is the product an article excluded by definition?
Yes
No
NOT AN EXPLOSIVE
DIVISION 1.6
DIVISION 1.5
DIVISION 1.4 Compatibility group S
DIVISION 1.4 Compatibility groups other than S
DIVISION 1.3
DIVISION 1.2
DIVISION 1.1
+++++ TIFF +++++
Figure 2.1.4
Procedure for classification of ammonium nitrate emulsions, suspensions or gels
TEST SERIES 8
TEST 8 (a) Thermal Stability Test Is the substance/mixture Thermally stable ?
No
Classify as unstable explosive
Yes
TEST 8 (b) ANE Large Scale Gap Test Is the substance/mixture too sensitive to shock to be accepted as an oxidising liquid or an oxidising solid ?
Yes
Substance/mixture to be considered for classification as an explosive other than as an unstable explosive; If the answer to the question ‘is it a very insensitive explosive substance/mixture with a mass explosion hazard?’ in figure 2.1.3 is ‘no’, the substance/mixture shall be classified in Division 1.1
No
TEST 8 (c) Koenen Test Is the substance/mixture too sensitive to the effect of heating under confinement?
Yes
Substance/mixture to be considered for classification as an explosive of Division 1.5, proceed with Test Series 5. If the answer to the question ‘is it a very insensitive explosive substance/mixture with a mass explosion hazard?’ in figure 2.1.3 is ‘yes’, the substance/mixture shall be classified in Division 1.5, if the answer is ‘no’ the substance shall be classified in Division 1.1
No
Substance/mixture accepted for classification as an oxidizing liquid or an oxidising solid as an ammonium nitrate emulsion, suspension orgel, intermediate for blasting explosives (ANE); (Sections 2.13 or 2.14)
+++++ TIFF +++++
2.1.4.2. Screening procedure
Explosive properties are associated with the presence of certain chemical groups in a molecule which can react to produce very rapid increases in temperature or pressure. The screening procedure is aimed at identifying the presence of such reactive groups and the potential for rapid energy release. If the screening procedure identifies the substance or mixture to be a potential explosive, the acceptance procedure (see section 10.3 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria) has to be performed.
Note
Neither a Series 1 type (a) propagation of detonation test nor a Series 2 type (a) test of sensitivity to detonative shock is required if the exothermic decomposition energy of organic materials is less than 800 J/g.
2.1.4.3. A substance or mixture shall not be classified as explosive if:
(a) There are no chemical groups associated with explosive properties present in the molecule. Examples of groups which may indicate explosive properties are given in Table A6.1 in Appendix 6 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria; or
(b) The substance contains chemical groups associated with explosive properties which include oxygen and the calculated oxygen balance is less than - 200;
The oxygen balance is calculated for the chemical reaction:
CxHyOz+ [x+ (y/4)-(z/2)] O2 → x CO2 + (y/2) H2O
Using the formula:
Oxygen balance = -1600 [2x + (y/2)-z]/molecular weight;
(c) When the organic substance or a homogenous mixture of organic substances contains chemical groups associated with explosive properties but the exothermic decomposition energy is less than 500 J/g and the onset of exothermic decomposition is below 500 oC. The exothermic decomposition energy can be determined using a suitable calorimetric technique; or
(d) For mixtures of inorganic oxidising substances with organic material(s), the concentration of the inorganic oxidising substance is:
- less than 15 % by mass, if the oxidising substance is assigned to Categories 1 or 2;
- less than 30 % by mass, if the oxidising substance is assigned to Category 3.
2.1.4.4. In the case of mixtures containing any known explosives, the acceptance procedure has to be performed.
2.2. Flammable gases
2.2.1. Definition
Flammable gas means a gas or gas mixture having a flammable range with air at 20 oC and a standard pressure of 101,3 kPa.
2.2.2. Classification criteria
2.2.2.1. A flammable gas shall be classified in this class in accordance with Table 2.2.1:
Table 2.2.1
Criteria for flammable gases
Category | Criteria |
1 | Gases, which at 20 oC and a standard pressure of 101,3 kPa: (a)are ignitable when in a mixture of 13 % or less by volume in air; or(b)have a flammable range with air of at least 12 percentage points regardless of the lower flammable limit. |
2 | Gases, other than those of Category 1, which, at 20 oC and a standard pressure of 101,3 kPa, have a flammable range while mixed in air. |
Note
For the classification of aerosols, see 2.3.
2.2.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances and mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.2.2.
Table 2.2.2
Label elements for flammable gases
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictogram | | No pictogram |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H220: Extremely flammable gas | H221: Flammable gas |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 | P210 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P377 P381 | P377 P381 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P403 | P403 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | | |
2.2.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.2.4.1. Flammability shall be determined by tests or, for mixtures where there are sufficient data available, by calculation in accordance with the methods adopted by ISO (see ISO 10156 as amended, Gases and gas mixtures — Determination of fire potential and oxidising ability for the selection of cylinder valve outlet). Where insufficient data are available to use these methods, test method EN 1839 as amended (Determination of explosion limits of gases and vapours) can be used.
2.3. Flammable aerosols
2.3.1. Definitions
Aerosols, this means aerosol dispensers, are any non-refillable receptacles made of metal, glass or plastics and containing a gas compressed, liquefied or dissolved under pressure, with or without a liquid, paste or powder, and fitted with a release device allowing the contents to be ejected as solid or liquid particles in suspension in a gas, as a foam, paste or powder or in a liquid state or in a gaseous state.
2.3.2. Classification criteria
2.3.2.1. Aerosols shall be considered for classification as flammable in accordance with 2.3.2.2 if they contain any component which is classified as flammable according to the criteria contained in this Part, i.e.:
- Liquids with a flash point ≤ 93 oC, which includes Flammable Liquids according to section 2.6;
- Flammable gases (see 2.2);
- Flammable solids (see 2.7).
Note
Flammable components do not cover pyrophoric, self-heating or water-reactive substances and mixtures because such components are never used as aerosol contents.
2.3.2.2. A flammable aerosol shall be classified in one of the two categories for this Class on the basis of its components, of its chemical heat of combustion and, if applicable, of the results of the foam test (for foam aerosols) and of the ignition distance test and enclosed space test (for spray aerosols) in accordance with Figure 2.3.1 and the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, Part III, sub-sections 31.4, 31.5 and 31.6.
Figure 2.3.1
Figure 2.3.1(a) for flammable aerosols
AEROSOL
Does it contain ≤ 1% flammable components and does it have a heat of combustion YES
NOT CLASSIFIED
NO
Does it contain ≥ 85% flammable components and does it have a heat of combustion ≥ 30 kJ/g?
YES
Category 1
NO
Danger
+++++ TIFF +++++
For spray aerosols, go to decision logic 2.3.1 (b);
For foam aerosols, got to decision logic 2.3.1 (c).
Figure 2.3.1(b) for spray aerosols
SPRAY AEROSOL
In the ignition distance test, does ignition occur at a distance ≥ 75 cm?
YES
Category 1
NO
Does it have a heat of combustion NO
Category 2
YES
In the ignition distance test, does ignition occur at a distance ≥ 15 cm?
YES
Category 2
NO
In the enclosed space ignition test; is:
a) the time equivalent ≤ 300 s/m3 or
b) the deflagration density ≤ 300 g/m3?
YES
Category 2
NO
NOT CLASSIFIED
Danger
Warning
Warning
Warning
+++++ TIFF +++++
Figure 2.3.1(c) for foam aerosols
FOAM AEROSOL
In the foam test, is: a) the flame height ≥ 20 cm and the flame duration ≥ 2 s; or b) the flame height ≥ 4 cm and the flame duration ≥ 7 s?
YES
Category 1
NO
In the foam test; is the flame height ≥ 4 cm and the flame duration ≥ 2 s?
YES
Category 2
NO
NOT CLASSIFIED
Danger
Warning
+++++ TIFF +++++
2.3.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.3.2.
Table 2.3.2
Label elements for flammable aerosols
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H222: Extremely flammable aerosol | H223: Flammable aerosol |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P211 P251 | P210 P211 P251 |
Precautionary Statement Response | | |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P410 + P412 | P410 + P412 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | | |
2.3.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.3.4.1. The chemical heat of combustion (ΔHc), in kilojoules per gram (kJ/g), is the product of the theoretical heat of combustion (ΔHcomb), and a combustion efficiency, usually less than 1,0 (a typical combustion efficiency is 0,95 or 95 %).
For a composite aerosol formulation, the chemical heat of combustion is the summation of the weighted heats of combustion for the individual components, as follows:
ΔH
=
Σniwi % × ΔHc(i)
where:
ΔHc = chemical heat of combustion (kJ/g);
wi % = mass fraction of component i in the product;
ΔHc(i) = specific heat of combustion (kJ/g)of component i in the product.
The chemical heats of combustion can be found in the literature, calculated or determined by tests (see ASTM D 240 as amended — Standard Test Methods for Heat of Combustion of Liquid Hydrocarbon Fuels by Bomb Calorimeter, EN/ISO 13943 as amended, 86.l to 86.3 — Fire safety — Vocabulary, and NFPA 30B as amended — Code for the Manufacture and Storage of Aerosol Products).
2.4. Oxidising gases
2.4.1. Definitions
Oxidising gas means any gas or gas mixture which may, generally by providing oxygen, cause or contribute to the combustion of other material more than air does.
2.4.2. Classification criteria
2.4.2.1. An oxidising gas shall be classified in a single category for this class in accordance with Table 2.4.1.:
Table 2.4.1
Criteria for oxidising gases
Category | Criteria |
1 | Any gas which may, generally by providing oxygen, cause or contribute to the combustion of other material more than air does. |
Note
"Gases which cause or contribute to the combustion of other material more than air" means pure gases or gas mixtures with an oxidising power greater than 23,5 % as determined by a method specified in ISO 10156 as amended or 10156-2 as amended.
2.4.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.4.2.
Table 2.4.2
Label elements for oxidising gases
Classification | Category 1 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictogram | |
Signal Word | Danger |
Hazard Statement | H270: May cause or intensify fire; oxidiser |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P220 P244 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P370 + P376 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P403 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | |
2.4.4. Additional Classification Considerations
To classify an oxidising gas, tests or calculation methods as described in ISO 10156 as amended, gases and gas mixtures — Determination of fire potential and oxidising ability for the selection of cylinder valve outlet and ISO 10156-2 as amended, gas cylinders — gases and gas mixtures — Determination of oxidising ability of toxic and corrosive gases and gas mixtures — shall be performed.
2.5. Gases under pressure
2.5.1. Definition
2.5.1.1. Gases under pressure are gases which are contained in a receptacle at a pressure of 200 kPa (gauge) or more, or which are liquefied or liquefied and refrigerated.
They comprise compressed gases, liquefied gases, dissolved gases and refrigerated liquefied gases.
2.5.1.2. The critical temperature is the temperature above which a pure gas cannot be liquefied, regardless of the degree of compression.
2.5.2. Classification criteria
Gases shall be classified, according to their physical state when packaged, in one of four groups in accordance with Table 2.5.1:
Table 2.5.1
Criteria for gases under pressure
Group | Criteria |
Compressed gas | A gas which when packaged under pressure is entirely gaseous at - 50 oC; including all gases with a critical temperature ≤ - 50 oC. |
Liquefied gas | A gas which, when packaged under pressure, is partially liquid at temperatures above - 50 oC. A distinction is made between: (i)high pressure liquefied gas: a gas with a critical temperature between - 50 oC and + 65 oC; and(ii)low pressure liquefied gas: a gas with a critical temperature above + 65 oC. |
Refrigerated liquefied gas | A gas which when packaged is made partially liquid because of its low temperature. |
Dissolved gas | A gas which when packaged under pressure is dissolved in a liquid phase solvent. |
2.5.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.5.2.
Table 2.5.2
Label elements for gases under pressure
Classification | Compressed gas | Liquefied gas | Refrigerated liquefied gas | Dissolved gas |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | | |
Signal Word | Warning | Warning | Warning | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H280: Contains gas under pressure; may explode if heated | H280: Contains gas under pressure; may explode if heated | H281: Contains refrigerated gas; may cause cryogenic burns or injury | H280: Contains gas under pressure; may explode if heated |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | | | P282 | |
Precautionary Statement Response | | | P336 P315 | |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P410 + P403 | P410 + P403 | P403 | P410 + P403 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | | | | |
2.5.4. Additional Classification Considerations
For this group of gases, the following information is required to be known:
- the vapour pressure at 50 oC;
- the physical state at 20 oC at standard ambient pressure;
- the critical temperature.
Data can be found in the literature, calculated or determined by testing. Most pure gases are already classified in the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Model Regulations.
2.6. Flammable liquids
2.6.1. Definition
Flammable liquid means a liquid having a flash point of not more than 60 oC.
2.6.2. Classification criteria
2.6.2.1. A flammable liquid shall be classified in one of the three categories for this class in accordance with Table 2.6.1:
Table 2.6.1
Criteria for flammable liquids
Category | Criteria |
1 | Flash point 2 | Flash point 35 oC |
3 | Flash point ≥ 23 oC and ≤ 60 oC [5] |
2.6.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.6.2.
Table 2.6.2
Label elements for flammable liquids
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H224: Extremely flammable liquid and vapour | H225: Highly flammable liquid and vapour | H226: Flammable liquid and vapour |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P233 P240 P241 P242 P243 P280 | P210 P233 P240 P241 P242 P243 P280 | P210 P233 P240 P241 P242 P243 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P303 + P361 + P353 P370 + P378 | P303 + P361 + P353 P370 + P378 | P303 + P361 + P353 P370 + P378 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P403 + P235 | P403 + P235 | P403 + P235 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 |
2.6.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.6.4.1. For the classification of flammable liquids data on flash point and initial boiling point are needed. Data can be determined by testing, found in literature or calculated. If data are not available, the flash point and the initial boiling point shall be determined through testing. For flash point determination a closed-cup method shall be used.
2.6.4.2. In the case of mixtures [6] containing known flammable liquids in defined concentrations, although they may contain non-volatile components e.g. polymers, additives, the flash point need not be determined experimentally if the calculated flash point of the mixture, using the method given in 2.6.4.3, is at least 5 oC [7] greater than the relevant classification criterion and provided that:
(a) the composition of the mixture is accurately known (if the material has a specified range of composition, the composition with the lowest calculated flash point shall be selected for assessment);
(b) the lower explosion limit of each component is known (an appropriate correlation has to be applied when these data are extrapolated to other temperatures than test conditions) as well as a method for calculating the lower explosion limit;
(c) the temperature dependence of the saturated vapour pressure and of the activity coefficient is known for each component as present in the mixture;
(d) the liquid phase is homogeneous.
2.6.4.3. One suitable method is described in Gmehling and Rasmussen (Ind. Eng. Fundament, 21, 186, (1982)). For a mixture containing non-volatile components the flash point is calculated from the volatile components. It is considered that a non-volatile component only slightly decreases the partial pressure of the solvents and the calculated flash point is only slightly below the measured value.
2.6.4.4. Possible test methods for determining the flash point of flammable liquids are listed in Table 2.6.3.
Table 2.6.3
Methods for determining the flash point of flammable liquids
European standards: | EN ISO 1516 as amended Determination of flash/no flash — Closed cup equilibrium method |
EN ISO 1523 as amended Determination of flash point — Closed cup equilibrium method |
EN ISO 2719 as amended Determination of flash point — Pensky-Martens closed cup method |
EN ISO 3679 as amended Determination of flash point — Rapid equilibrium closed cup method |
EN ISO 3680 as amended Determination of flash/no flash — Rapid equilibrium closed cup method |
EN ISO 13736 as amended Petroleum products and other liquids — Determination of flash point — Abel closed cup method |
National standards: |
Association française de normalisation, AFNOR: | NF M07-036 as amended Détermination du point d'éclair — Vase clos Abel-Pensky (identical to DIN 51755) |
British Standards Institute, | BS 2000 Part 170 as amended (identical to EN ISO 13736) |
Deutsches Institut für Normung | DIN 51755 (flash points below 65 C) as amended Prüfung von Mineralölen und anderen brennbaren Flüssigkeiten; Bestimmung des Flammpunktes im geschlossenen Tiegel, nach Abel-Pensky (identical to NF M07-036) |
2.6.4.5. Liquids with a flash point of more than 35 oC need not be classified in Category 3 if negative results have been obtained in the sustained combustibility test L.2, Part III, section 32 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria.
2.7. Flammable solids
2.7.1. Definition
2.7.1.1. A flammable solid means a solid which is readily combustible, or may cause or contribute to fire through friction.
Readily combustible solids are powdered, granular, or pasty substances or mixtures which are dangerous if they can be easily ignited by brief contact with an ignition source, such as a burning match, and if the flame spreads rapidly.
2.7.2. Classification criteria
2.7.2.1. Powdered, granular or pasty substances or mixtures (except powders of metals or metal alloys — see 2.7.2.2) shall be classified as readily combustible solids when the time of burning of one or more of the test runs, performed in accordance with the test method described in Part III, sub-section 33.2.1, of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, is less than 45 seconds or the rate of burning is more than 2,2 mm/s.
2.7.2.2. Powders of metals or metal alloys shall be classified as flammable solids when they can be ignited and the reaction spreads over the whole length of the sample in 10 minutes or less.
2.7.2.3. A flammable solid shall be classified in one of the two categories for this class using Method N.1 as described in 33.2.1 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria in accordance with Table 2.7.1:
Table 2.7.1
Criteria for flammable solids
Category | Criteria |
1 | Burning rate test Substances and mixtures other than metal powders: (a)wetted zone does not stop fire and(b)burning time 2,2 mm/sMetal powders burning time ≤ 5 minutes |
2 | Burning rate test Substances and mixtures other than metal powders: (a)wetted zone stops the fire for at least 4 minutes and(b)burning time 2,2 mm/sMetal powders burning time > 5 minutes and ≤ 10 minutes |
Note
The test shall be performed on the substance or mixture in its physical form as presented. If, for example, for the purposes of supply or transport, the same chemical is to be presented in a physical form different from that which was tested and which is considered likely to materially alter its performance in a classification test, the substance shall also be tested in the new form.
2.7.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.7.2.
Table 2.7.2
Label elements for flammable solids
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H228: Flammable Solid | H228: Flammable Solid |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P240 P241 P280 | P210 P240 P241 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P370 + P378 | P370 + P378 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | | |
2.8. Self-reactive substances and mixtures
2.8.1. Definition
2.8.1.1. Self-reactive substances or mixtures are thermally unstable liquid or solid substances or mixtures liable to undergo a strongly exothermic decomposition even without participation of oxygen (air). This definition excludes substances and mixtures classified according to this Part as explosives, organic peroxides or as oxidising.
2.8.1.2. A self-reactive substance or mixture is regarded as possessing explosive properties when in laboratory testing the formulation is liable to detonate, to deflagrate rapidly or to show a violent effect when heated under confinement.
2.8.2. Classification criteria
2.8.2.1. Any self-reactive substance or mixture shall be considered for classification in this class as a self-reactive substance or mixture unless:
(a) they are explosives, according to the criteria given in 2.1;
(b) they are oxidising liquids or solids, according to the criteria given in 2.13 or 2.14, except that mixtures of oxidising substances, which contain 5 % or more of combustible organic substances shall be classified as self-reactive substances according to the procedure defined in 2.8.2.2;
(c) they are organic peroxides, according to the criteria given in 2.15;
(d) their heat of decomposition is less than 300 J/g; or
(e) their self-accelerating decomposition temperature (SADT) is greater than 75 oC for a 50 kg package [8].
2.8.2.2. Mixtures of oxidising substances, meeting the criteria for classification as oxidising substances, which contain 5 % or more of combustible organic substances and which do not meet the criteria mentioned in (a), (c), (d) or (e) in 2.8.2.1, shall be subjected to the self-reactive substances classification procedure;
Such a mixture showing the properties of a self-reactive substance type B to F (see 2.8.2.3) shall be classified as a self-reactive substance.
Where the test is conducted in the package form and the packaging is changed, a further test shall be conducted where it is considered that the change in packaging will affect the outcome of the test.
2.8.2.3. Self-reactive substances and mixtures shall be classified in one of the seven categories of "types A to G" for this class, according to the following principles:
(a) any self-reactive substance or mixture which can detonate or deflagrate rapidly, as packaged, shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE A;
(b) any self-reactive substance or mixture possessing explosive properties and which, as packaged, neither detonates nor deflagrates rapidly, but is liable to undergo a thermal explosion in that package shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE B;
(c) any self-reactive substance or mixture possessing explosive properties when the substance or mixture as packaged cannot detonate or deflagrate rapidly or undergo a thermal explosion shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE C;
(d) any self-reactive substance or mixture which in laboratory testing:
(i) detonates partially, does not deflagrate rapidly and shows no violent effect when heated under confinement; or
(ii) does not detonate at all, deflagrates slowly and shows no violent effect when heated under confinement; or
(iii) does not detonate or deflagrate at all and shows a medium effect when heated under confinement;
shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE D;
(e) any self-reactive substance or mixture which, in laboratory testing, neither detonates nor deflagrates at all and shows low or no effect when heated under confinement shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE E;
(f) any self-reactive substance or mixture which, in laboratory testing, neither detonates in the cavitated state nor deflagrates at all and shows only a low or no effect when heated under confinement as well as low or no explosive power shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE F;
(g) any self-reactive substance or mixture which, in laboratory testing, neither detonates in the cavitated state nor deflagrates at all and shows no effect when heated under confinement nor any explosive power, provided that it is thermally stable (SADT is 60 oC to 75 oC for a 50 kg package), and, for liquid mixtures, a diluent having a boiling point not less than 150 oC is used for desensitisation shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE G. If the mixture is not thermally stable or a diluent having a boiling point less than 150 oC is used for desensitisation, the mixture shall be defined as self-reactive substance TYPE F.
Where the test is conducted in the package form and the packaging is changed, a further test shall be conducted where it is considered that the change in packaging will affect the outcome of the test.
2.8.2.4. Criteria for temperature control
Self-reactive substances need to be subjected to temperature control if their SADT is less than or equal to 55 oC. Test methods for determining the SADT as well as the derivation of control and emergency temperatures are given in, Part II, section 28 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria. The test selected shall be conducted in a manner which is representative, both in size and material, of the package.
2.8.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.8.1.
Table 2.8.1
Label elements for self-reactive substances and mixtures
Classification | Type A | Type B | Type C & D | Type E & F | Type G |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | | | There are no label elements allocated to this hazard category |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H240: Heating may cause an explosion | H241: Heating may cause a fire or explosion | H242: Heating may cause a fire | H242: Heating may cause a fire |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P220 P234 P280 | P210 P220 P234 P280 | P210 P220 P234 P280 | P210 P220 P234 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P370 + P378 P370 + P380 + P375 | P370 + P378 P370 + P380 + P375 | P370 + P378 | P370 + P378 | |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P403 + P235 P411 P420 | P403 + P235 P411 P420 | P403 + P235 P411 P420 | P403 + P235 P411 P420 | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 | |
Type G has no hazard communication elements assigned but shall be considered for properties belonging to other hazard classes.
2.8.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.8.4.1. The properties of self-reactive substances or mixtures which are decisive for their classification shall be determined experimentally. The classification of a self reactive substance or mixture shall be performed in accordance with test series A to H as described in Part II of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria. The procedure for classification is described in Figure 2.8.1.
2.8.4.2. The classification procedures for self-reactive substances and mixtures need not be applied if:
(a) There are no chemical groups present in the molecule associated with explosive or self reactive properties. Examples of such groups are given in Tables A6.1 and A6.2 in Appendix 6 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria; or
(b) For a single organic substance or a homogeneous mixture of organic substances, the estimated SADT for a 50 kg package is greater than 75 oC or the exothermic decomposition energy is less than 300J/g. The onset temperature and decomposition energy can be estimated using a suitable calorimetric technique (see Part II, sub-section 20.3.3.3 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria).
Figure 2.8.1
Self-reactive substances and mixtures
SUBSTANCE/MIXTURE
Box 1
Test A
Box 2
Test B
1.1 Yes
Does it propogate a detonation?
1.3 No
2.1 Yes
Can it detonate as packaged?
2.2 No
1.2 Partial
Box 3
Test C
Can it propogate a deflagration?
3.1 Yes, rapidly
Box 4
Test C
Can it propogate a deflagration?
4.1 Yes, rapidly
3.2 Yes, slowly
3.3 No
Box 5
Test C
Can it propogate a deflagration?
5.1 Yes, rapidly
4.2 Yes, slowly
4.3 No
Box 6
Test D
5.3 No
5.2 Yes,
slowly
6.2 No
Does it deflagrate rapidly in package?
6.1 Yes
Box 7
Test E
What is the effect of heating under confinement?
7.1 Violent
Box 8
Test E
What is the effect of heating under confinement?
8.1 Violent
7.2 Medium
7.3 Low
7.4 No
Box 9
Test E
What is the effect of heating under confinement?
Box 10
Test G
8.2 Medium
8.3 Low
8.4 No
9.3 Low
9.4 No
Box 11
10.2 No
Can it explode as packaged?
10.1 Yes
Packaged in packages of more than 400 kg/450 l or to be considered for exemption?
11.1 Yes
Box F
Test F
What is its explosive power?
12.3 None
Box 13
Test E
12.1 No low
12.2 Low
What is effect of heating it under defined confinement?
11.2 No
13.1 Low
13.2 None
TYPE A
TYPE B
TYPE C
TYPE D
TYPE E
TYPE F
TYPE G
9.1 violent
9.2 Medium
+++++ TIFF +++++
2.9. Pyrophoric liquids
2.9.1. Definition
Pyrophoric liquid means a liquid substance or mixture which, even in small quantities, is liable to ignite within five minutes after coming into contact with air.
2.9.2. Classification criteria
2.9.2.1. A pyrophoric liquid shall be classified in a single category for this class using test N.3 in Part III, sub-section 33.3.1.5 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria according to Table 2.9.1:
Table 2.9.1
Criteria for pyrophoric liquids
Category | Criteria |
1 | The liquid ignites within 5 min when added to an inert carrier and exposed to air, or it ignites or chars a filter paper on contact with air within 5 min. |
2.9.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.9.2.
Table 2.9.2
Label elements for pyrophoric liquids
Classification | Category 1 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictogram | |
Signal Word | Danger |
Hazard Statement | H250: Catches fire spontaneously if exposed to air |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P222 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P302 + P334 P370 + P378 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P422 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | |
2.9.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.9.4.1. The classification procedure for pyrophoric liquids need not be applied when experience in manufacture or handling shows that the substance or mixture does not ignite spontaneously on coming into contact with air at normal temperatures (i.e. the substance is known to be stable at room temperature for prolonged periods of time (days)).
2.10. Pyrophoric solids
2.10.1. Definition
Pyrophoric solid means a solid substance or mixture which, even in small quantities, is liable to ignite within five minutes after coming into contact with air.
2.10.2. Classification criteria
2.10.2.1. A pyrophoric solid shall be classified in a single category for this class using test N.2 in Part III, sub-section 33.3.1.4 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria in accordance with Table 2.10.1:
Table 2.10.1
Criteria for pyrophoric solids
Category | Criteria |
1 | The solid ignites within 5 minutes of coming into contact with air. |
Note
The test shall be performed on the substance or mixture in its physical form as presented. If, for example, for the purposes of supply or transport, the same chemical is to be presented in a physical form different from that which was tested and which is considered likely to materially alter its performance in a classification test, the substance shall also be tested in the new form.
2.10.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.10.2.
Table 2.10.2
Label elements for pyrophoric solids
Classification | Category 1 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictogram | |
Signal Word | Danger |
Hazard Statement | H250: Catches fire spontaneously if exposed to air |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P222 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P335 + P334 P370 +P378 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P422 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | |
2.10.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.10.4.1. The classification procedure for pyrophoric solids need not be applied when experience in manufacture or handling shows that the substance or mixture does not ignite spontaneously on coming into contact with air at normal temperatures (i.e. the substance is known to be stable at room temperature for prolonged periods of time (days)).
2.11. Self-heating substances and mixtures
2.11.1. Definition
2.11.1.1. A self-heating substance or mixture is a liquid or solid substance or mixture, other than a pyrophoric liquid or solid, which, by reaction with air and without energy supply, is liable to self-heat; this substance or mixture differs from a pyrophoric liquid or solid in that it will ignite only when in large amounts (kilograms) and after long periods of time (hours or days).
2.11.1.2. Self-heating of substances or mixtures, leading to spontaneous combustion, is caused by reaction of the substance or mixture with oxygen (in the air) and the heat developed not being conducted away rapidly enough to the surroundings. Spontaneous combustion occurs when the rate of heat production exceeds the rate of heat loss and the auto-ignition temperature is reached.
2.11.2. Classification criteria
2.11.2.1. A substance or mixture shall be classified as a self-heating substance or mixture of this class, if in the tests performed in accordance with the test method given in the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, Part III, sub-section 33.3.1.6:
(a) a positive result is obtained using a 25 mm cube sample at 140 oC;
(b) a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm sample cube at 140 oC and a negative result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm cube sample at 120 oC and the substance or mixture is to be packed in packages with a volume of more than 3 m3;
(c) a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm sample cube at 140 oC and a negative result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm cube sample at 100 oC and the substance or mixture is to be packed in packages with a volume of more than 450 litres;
(d) a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm sample cube at 140 oC and a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm cube sample at 100 oC.
2.11.2.2. A self-heating substance or mixture shall be classified in one of the two categories for this class if, in a test performed in accordance with test method N.4 in Part III, sub-section 33.3.1.6 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, the result meets the criteria according to Table 2.11.1:
Table 2.11.1
Criteria for self-heating substances and mixtures
Category | Criteria |
1 | A positive result is obtained in a test using a 25 mm sample cube at 140 oC |
2 | (a)a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm sample cube at 140 oC and a negative result is obtained in a test using a 25 mm cube sample at 140 oC and the substance or mixture is to be packed in packages with a volume of more than 3 m3; or(b)a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm sample cube at 140 oC and a negative result is obtained in a test using a 25 mm cube sample at 140 oC, a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm cube sample at 120 oC and the substance or mixture is to be packed in packages with a volume of more than 450 litres; or(c)a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm sample cube at 140 oC and a negative result is obtained in a test using a 25 mm cube sample at 140 oC and a positive result is obtained in a test using a 100 mm cube sample at 100 oC. |
Note
The test shall be performed on the substance or mixture in its physical form as presented. If, for example, for the purposes of supply or transport, the same chemical is to be presented in a physical form different from that which was tested and which is considered likely to materially alter its performance in a classification test, the substance shall also be tested in the new form.
2.11.2.3. Substances and mixtures with a temperature of spontaneous combustion higher than 50 oC for a volume of 27 m3 shall not be classified as a self-heating substance or mixture.
2.11.2.4. Substances and mixtures with a spontaneous ignition temperature higher than 50 oC for a volume of 450 litres shall not be assigned to Category 1 of this class.
2.11.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.11.2.
Table 2.11.2
Label elements for self-heating substances and mixtures
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H251: Self-heating; may catch fire | H252: Self-heating in large quantities; may catch fire |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P235 + P410 P280 | P235 + P410 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | | |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P407 P413 P420 | P407 P413 P420 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | | |
2.11.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.11.4.1. For detailed schemes for the decision logic for classification and the tests to be carried out for ascertaining the different categories, see Figure 2.11.1.
2.11.4.2. The classification procedure for self-heating substances or mixtures need not be applied if the results of a screening test can be adequately correlated with the classification test and an appropriate safety margin is applied. Examples of screening tests are:
(a) The Grewer Oven test (VDI guideline 2263, Part 1, 1990, Test methods for the Determination of the Safety Characteristics of Dusts) with an onset temperature 80 K above the reference temperature for a volume of 1 l;
(b) The Bulk Powder Screening Test (Gibson, N. Harper, D.J. Rogers, R.Evaluation of the fire and explosion risks in drying powders, Plant Operations Progress, 4 (3), 181-189, 1985) with an onset temperature 60 K above the reference temperature for a volume of 1 l.
Figure 2.11.1.
Self-heating substances and mixtures
SUBSTANCE/MIXTURE
Does it undergo dangerous self-heating when tested in a 100 mm sample cube at 140°C?
NO
NOT CLASSIFIED
YES
Does it undergo dangerous self-heating when tested in a 25 mm sample cube at 140°C?
YES
Category 1
Danger
NO
Is it packaged in more than 3 m3?
YES
Category 2
Warning
NO
Does it undergo dangerous self-heating when tested in a 100 mm sample cube at 120°C?
NO
NOT CLASSIFIED
YES
Is it packaged in more than 450 litres volume?
YES
Category 2
Warning
NO
Does it undergo dangerous self-heating when tested in a 100 mm sample cube at 100°C?
YES
Category 2
Warning
NO
NOT CLASSIFIED
+++++ TIFF +++++
2.12. Substances and mixtures which in contact with water emit flammable gases
2.12.1. Definition
Substances or mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases means solid or liquid substances or mixtures which, by interaction with water, are liable to become spontaneously flammable or to give off flammable gases in dangerous quantities.
2.12.2. Classification criteria
2.12.2.1. A substance or mixture which, in contact with water, emits flammable gases shall be classified in one of the three categories for this class, using test N.5 in Part III, sub-section 33.4.1.4 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, in accordance with Table 2.12.1:
Table 2.12.1
Criteria for substances or mixtures which in contact with water emit flammable gases
Category | Criteria |
1 | Any substance or mixture which reacts vigorously with water at ambient temperatures and demonstrates generally a tendency for the gas produced to ignite spontaneously, or which reacts readily with water at ambient temperatures such that the rate of evolution of flammable gas is equal to or greater than 10 litres per kilogram of substance over any one minute. |
2 | Any substance or mixture which reacts readily with water at ambient temperatures such that the maximum rate of evolution of flammable gas is equal to or greater than 20 litres per kilogram of substance per hour, and which does not meet the criteria for Category 1. |
3 | Any substance or mixture which reacts slowly with water at ambient temperatures such that the maximum rate of evolution of flammable gas is equal to or greater than 1 litre per kilogram of substance per hour, and which does not meet the criteria for Categories 1 and 2. |
Note:
The test shall be performed on the substance or mixture in its physical form as presented. If, for example, for the purposes of supply or transport, the same chemical is to be presented in a physical form different from that which was tested and which is considered likely to materially alter its performance in a classification test, the substance must also be tested in the new form.
2.12.2.2. A substance or mixture shall be classified as a substance or mixture which in contact with water emits flammable gases if spontaneous ignition takes place in any step of the test procedure.
2.12.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.12.2.
Table 2.12.2
Label elements for substances or mixtures which in contact with water emit flammable gases
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H260: In contact with water releases flammable gases which may ignite spontaneously | H261: In contact with water releases flammable gases | H261: In contact with water releases flammable gases |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P223 P231 + P232 P280 | P223 P231 + P232 P280 | P231 + P232 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P335 + P334 P370 + P378 | P335 + P334 P370 + P378 | P370 + P378 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P402 + P404 | P402 + P404 | P402 + P404 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 |
2.12.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.12.4.1. The classification procedure for this class need not be applied if:
(a) the chemical structure of the substance or mixture does not contain metals or metalloids; or
(b) experience in production or handling shows that the substance or mixture does not react with water, e.g. the substance is manufactured with water or washed with water; or
(c) the substance or mixture is known to be soluble in water to form a stable mixture.
2.13. Oxidising liquids
2.13.1. Definition
Oxidising liquid means a liquid substance or mixture which, while in itself not necessarily combustible, may, generally by yielding oxygen, cause, or contribute to, the combustion of other material.
2.13.2. Classification criteria
2.13.2.1. An oxidising liquid shall be classified in one of the three categories for this class using test O.2 in Part III, sub-section 34.4.2 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria in accordance with Table 2.13.1:
Table 2.13.1
Criteria for oxidising liquids
Category | Criteria |
1 | Any substance or mixture which, in the 1:1 mixture, by mass, of substance (or mixture) and cellulose tested, spontaneously ignites; or the mean pressure rise time of a 1:1 mixture, by mass, of substance (or mixture) and cellulose is less than that of a 1:1 mixture, by mass, of 50 % perchloric acid and cellulose. |
2 | Any substance or mixture which, in the 1:1 mixture, by mass, of substance (or mixture) and cellulose tested, exhibits a mean pressure rise time less than or equal to the mean pressure rise time of a 1:1 mixture, by mass, of 40 % aqueous sodium chlorate solution and cellulose; and the criteria for Category 1 are not met. |
3 | Any substance or mixture which, in the 1:1 mixture, by mass, of substance (or mixture) and cellulose tested, exhibits a mean pressure rise time less than or equal to the mean pressure rise time of a 1:1 mixture, by mass, of 65 % aqueous nitric acid and cellulose; and the criteria for Category 1 and 2 are not met. |
2.13.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.13.2.
Table 2.13.2
Label elements for oxidising liquids
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H271:May cause fire or explosion; strong oxidiser | H272: May intensify fire; oxidiser | H272: May intensify fire; oxidiser |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P220 P221 P280 P283 | P210 P220 P221 P280 | P210 P220 P221 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P306 + P360 P371 + P380 + P375 P370 + P378 | P370 + P378 | P370 + P378 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | | | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 |
2.13.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.13.4.1. For organic substances or mixtures the classification procedure for this class shall not apply if:
(a) the substance or mixture does not contain oxygen, fluorine or chlorine; or
(b) the substance or mixture contains oxygen, fluorine or chlorine and these elements are chemically bonded only to carbon or hydrogen.
2.13.4.2. For inorganic substances or mixtures the classification procedure for this class shall not apply if they do not contain oxygen or halogen atoms.
2.13.4.3. In the event of divergence between test results and known experience in the handling and use of substances or mixtures which shows them to be oxidising, judgments based on known experience shall take precedence over test results.
2.13.4.4. In cases where substances or mixtures generate a pressure rise (too high or too low), caused by chemical reactions not characterising the oxidising properties of the substance or mixture, the test described in Part III, sub-section 34.4.2 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria shall be repeated with an inert substance, e.g. diatomite (kieselguhr), in place of the cellulose in order to clarify the nature of the reaction and to check for a false positive result.
2.14. Oxidising solids
2.14.1. Definition
Oxidising solid means a solid substance or mixture which, while in itself is not necessarily combustible, may, generally by yielding oxygen, cause, or contribute to, the combustion of other material.
2.14.2. Classification criteria
2.14.2.1. An oxidising solid shall be classified in one of the three categories for this class using test O.1 in Part III, sub-section 34.4.1 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria in accordance with Table 2.14.1:
Table 2.14.1
Criteria for oxidising solids
Category | Criteria |
1 | Any substance or mixture which, in the 4:1 or 1:1 sample-to-cellulose ratio (by mass) tested, exhibits a mean burning time less than the mean burning time of a 3:2 mixture, by mass, of potassium bromate and cellulose. |
2 | Any substance or mixture which, in the 4:1 or 1:1 sample-to-cellulose ratio (by mass) tested, exhibits a mean burning time equal to or less than the mean burning time of a 2:3 mixture (by mass) of potassium bromate and cellulose and the criteria for Category 1 are not met. |
3 | Any substance or mixture which, in the 4:1 or 1:1 sample-to-cellulose ratio (by mass) tested, exhibits a mean burning time equal to or less than the mean burning time of a 3:7 mixture (by mass) of potassium bromate and cellulose and the criteria for Categories 1 and 2 are not met. |
Note 1
Some oxidising solids also present explosion hazards under certain conditions (when stored in large quantities). Some types of ammonium nitrate may give rise to an explosion hazard under extreme conditions and the "Resistance to detonation test" (BC Code, Annex 3, Test 5) can be used to assess this hazard. Appropriate information shall be made in the SDS.
Note 2
The test shall be performed on the substance or mixture in its physical form as presented. If, for example, for the purposes of supply or transport, the same chemical is to be presented in a physical form different from that which was tested and which is considered likely to materially alter its performance in a classification test, the substance shall also be tested in the new form.
2.14.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.14.2.
Table 2.14.2
Label elements for oxidising solids
| Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H271: May cause fire or explosion; strong oxidiser | H272: May intensify fire; oxidiser | H272: May intensify fire; oxidiser |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P220 P221 P280 P283 | P210 P220 P221 P280 | P210 P220 P221 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P306 + P360 P371 + P380 + P375 P370 + P378 | P370 + P378 | P370 + P378 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | | | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 |
2.14.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.14.4.1. For organic substances or mixtures the classification procedure for this class shall not apply if:
(a) the substance or mixture does not contain oxygen, fluorine or chlorine; or
(b) the substance or mixture contains oxygen, fluorine or chlorine and these elements are chemically bonded only to carbon or hydrogen.
2.14.4.2. For inorganic substances or mixtures the classification procedure for this class shall not apply if they do not contain oxygen or halogen atoms.
2.14.4.3. In the event of divergence between test results and known experience in the handling and use of substances or mixtures which shows them to be oxidising, judgments based on known experience shall take precedence over test results.
2.15. Organic peroxides
2.15.1. Definition
2.15.1.1. Organic peroxides means liquid or solid organic substances which contain the bivalent -O-O- structure and may be considered derivatives of hydrogen peroxide, where one or both of the hydrogen atoms have been replaced by organic radicals. The term organic peroxide includes organic peroxide mixtures (formulations) containing at least one organic peroxide. Organic peroxides are thermally unstable substances or mixtures, which can undergo exothermic self-accelerating decomposition. In addition, they can have one or more of the following properties:
(i) be liable to explosive decomposition;
(ii) burn rapidly;
(iii) be sensitive to impact or friction;
(iv) react dangerously with other substances.
2.15.1.2. An organic peroxide is regarded as possessing explosive properties when in laboratory testing the mixture (formulation) is liable to detonate, to deflagrate rapidly or to show a violent effect when heated under confinement.
2.15.2. Classification criteria
2.15.2.1. Any organic peroxide shall be considered for classification in this class, unless it contains:
(a) not more than 1,0 % available oxygen from the organic peroxides when containing not more than 1,0 % hydrogen peroxide; or
(b) not more than 0,5 % available oxygen from the organic peroxides when containing more than 1,0 % but not more than 7,0 % hydrogen peroxide.
Note
The available oxygen content ( %) of an organic peroxide mixture is given by the formula:
16×
n
×c
m
i
where:
ni = number of peroxygen groups per molecule of organic peroxide i;
ci = concentration (mass %) of organic peroxide i;
mi = molecular mass of organic peroxide i.
2.15.2.2. Organic peroxides shall be classified in one of the seven categories of "Types A to G" for this class, according to the following principles:
(a) any organic peroxide which, as packaged, can detonate or deflagrate rapidly shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE A;
(b) any organic peroxide possessing explosive properties and which, as packaged, neither detonates nor deflagrates rapidly, but is liable to undergo a thermal explosion in that package shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE B;
(c) any organic peroxide possessing explosive properties when the substance or mixture as packaged cannot detonate or deflagrate rapidly or undergo a thermal explosion shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE C;
(d) any organic peroxide which in laboratory testing:
(i) detonates partially, does not deflagrate rapidly and shows no violent effect when heated under confinement; or
(ii) does not detonate at all, deflagrates slowly and shows no violent effect when heated under confinement; or
(iii) does not detonate or deflagrate at all and shows a medium effect when heated under confinement;
shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE D;
(e) any organic peroxide which, in laboratory testing, neither detonates nor deflagrates at all and shows low or no effect when heated under confinement shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE E;
(f) any organic peroxide which, in laboratory testing, neither detonates in the cavitated state nor deflagrates at all and shows only a low or no effect when heated under confinement as well as low or no explosive power shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE F;
(g) any organic peroxide which, in laboratory testing, neither detonates in the cavitated state nor deflagrates at all and shows no effect when heated under confinement nor any explosive power, provided that it is thermally stable, i.e. the SADT is 60 oC or higher for a 50 kg package [9], and, for liquid mixtures, a diluent having a boiling point of not less than 150 oC is used for desensitisation, shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE G. If the organic peroxide is not thermally stable or a diluent having a boiling point less than 150 oC is used for desensitisation, the organic peroxide shall be defined as organic peroxide TYPE F.
Where the test is conducted in the package form and the packaging is changed, a further test shall be conducted where it is considered that the change in packaging will affect the outcome of the test.
2.15.2.3. Criteria for temperature control
The following organic peroxides need to be subjected to temperature control:
(a) Organic peroxide types B and C with an SADT ≤ 50 C;
(b) Organic peroxide type D showing a medium effect when heated under confinement [10] with an SADT ≤ 50 oC or showing a low or no effect when heated under confinement with an SADT ≤ 45 oC; and
(c) Organic peroxide types E and F with an SADT ≤ 45 oC.
Test methods for determining the SADT as well as the derivation of control and emergency temperatures are given in the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, Part II, section 28. The test selected shall be conducted in a manner which is representative, both in size and material, of the package.
2.15.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.15.1.
Table 2.15.1
Label elements for organic peroxides
Classification | Type A | Type B | Type C & D | Type E & F | Type G |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | | | There are no label elements allocated to this hazard category |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H240: Heating may cause an explosion | H241: Heating may cause a fire or explosion | H242: Heating may cause a fire | H242: Heating may cause a fire |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P210 P220 P234 P280 | P210 P220 P234 P280 | P210 P220 P234 P280 | P210 P220 P234 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | | | | | |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P411 + P235 P410 P420 | P411 + P235 P410 P420 | P411 + P235 P410 P420 | P411 + P235 P410 P420 | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 | |
Type G has no hazard communication elements assigned but shall be considered for properties belonging to other hazard classes.
2.15.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.15.4.1. Organic peroxides are classified by definition based on their chemical structure and on the available oxygen and hydrogen peroxide contents of the mixture (see 2.15.2.1). The properties of organic peroxides which are necessary for their classification shall be determined experimentally. The classification of organic peroxides shall be performed in accordance with test series A to H as described in Part II of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria. The procedure for classification is described in Figure 2.15.1.
2.15.4.2. Mixtures of already classified organic peroxides may be classified as the same type of organic peroxide as that of the most dangerous component. However, as two stable components can form a thermally less stable mixture, the SADT of the mixture shall be determined.
Note: The sum of the individual parts can be more hazardous than the individual components.
Figure 2.15.1
Organic Peroxides
SUBSTANCE/MIXTURE
Box 1
Test A
Box 2
Test B
1.1 Yes
Does it propogate a detonation?
1.3 No
2.1 Yes
Can it detonate as packaged?
2.2 No
1.2 Partial
Box 3 Test C
Can it propogate a detonation?
3.1 Yes, rapidly
Box 4 Test C
Can it propogate a detonation?
Box 5 Test C
Box 6 Test D
3.2 Yes, slowly
3.3 No
4.1 Yes rapidly
Can it propogate a detonation?
4.2 Yes, slowly
5.1 Yes, rapidly
4.3 No
5.3 No
Does it deflagrate rapidly in package?
6.2 No
Box 7 Test E
5.2 Yes, slowly
6.1 Yes
What is the effect of heating under confinement?
Box 8 Test E
7.1 Violent
What is the effect of heating under confinement?
Box 9 Test E
7.2 Medium
8.1 Violent
7.3 Low
7.4 No
What is the effect of heating under confinement?
Box 10 Test G
9.3 Low
8.2 Medium
9.1 Violent
8.3 Low
9.4 No
Can it explode as packaged?
10.2 No
8.4 No
9.2 Medium
Box 11
Packaged in packages of more than 400 kg/450 l or to be considered for exemption?
11.1 Yes
Box 12 Test F
11.2 No
What is its explosive power?
12.3 None
10.1 Yes
12.1 Not low
Box 13 Test E
12.2 Low
What is the effect of heating it under confinement?
13.1 Low
13.2 None
TYPE A
TYPE B
TYPE C
TYPE D
TYPE E
TYPE F
TYPE G
+++++ TIFF +++++
2.16. Corrosive to metals
2.16.1. Definition
A substance or a mixture that is corrosive to metals means a substance or a mixture which by chemical action will materially damage, or even destroy, metals.
2.16.2. Classification criteria
2.16.2.1. A substance or a mixture which is corrosive to metals is classified in a single category for this class, using the test in Part III, sub-section 37.4 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, in accordance with Table 2.16.1:
Table 2.16.1
Criteria for substances and mixtures corrosive to metals
Category | Criteria |
1 | Corrosion rate on either steel or aluminium surfaces exceeding 6,25 mm per year at a test temperature of 55 oC when tested on both materials. |
Note
Where an initial test on either steel or aluminium indicates the substance or mixture being tested is corrosive the follow up test on the other metal is not required.
2.16.3. Hazard Communication
Label elements shall be used for substances and mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 2.16.2.
Table 2.16.2
Label elements for substances and mixtures corrosive to metals
Classification | Category 1 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictogram | |
Signal Word | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H290: May be corrosive to metals |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P234 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P390 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P406 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | |
2.16.4. Additional Classification Considerations
2.16.4.1. The corrosion rate can be measured according to the test method of Part III sub-section 37.4 of the UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria. The specimen to be used for the test shall be made of the following materials:
(a) for the purposes of testing steel, steel types
- S235JR+CR (1.0037 resp.St 37-2),
- S275J2G3+CR (1.0144 resp.St 44-3), ISO 3574 as amended, Unified Numbering System (UNS) G 10200, or SAE 1020;
(b) for the purposes of testing aluminium: non-clad types 7075-T6 or AZ5GU-T6.
3. PART 3: HEALTH HAZARDS
3.1. Acute toxicity
3.1.1. Definitions
3.1.1.1. Acute toxicity means those adverse effects occurring following oral or dermal administration of a single dose of a substance or a mixture, or multiple doses given within 24 hours, or an inhalation exposure of 4 hours.
3.1.1.2. The hazard class Acute Toxicity is differentiated into:
- Acute oral toxicity;
- Acute dermal toxicity;
- Acute inhalation toxicity.
3.1.2. Criteria for classification of substances as acutely toxic
3.1.2.1. Substances can be allocated to one of four toxicity categories based on acute toxicity by the oral, dermal or inhalation route according to the numeric criteria shown in Table 3.1.1. Acute toxicity values are expressed as (approximate) LD50 (oral, dermal) or LC50 (inhalation) values or as acute toxicity estimates (ATE). Explanatory notes are shown following Table 3.1.1.
Table 3.1.1
Acute toxicity hazard categories and acute toxicity estimates (ATE) defining the respective categories
Exposure Route | Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 | Category 4 |
Oral (mg/kg bodyweight) See Note (a) | ATE ≤ 5 | 5 Dermal (mg/kg bodyweight) See Note (a) | ATE ≤ 50 | 50 Gases (ppmV [11] | | | | |
see: | Note (a) Note (b) | ATE ≤ 100 | 100 Vapours (mg/l) | | | | |
see: | Note (a) Note (b) Note (c) | ATE ≤ 0,5 | 0,5 Dusts and Mists (mg/l) | | | | |
see: | Note (a) Note (b) | ATE ≤ 0,05 | 0,05 Notes to Table 3.1.1
(a) The acute toxicity estimate (ATE) for the classification of a substance or ingredient in a mixture is derived using:
- the LD50/LC50 where available,
- the appropriate conversion value from Table 3.1.2 that relates to the results of a range test, or
- the appropriate conversion value from Table 3.1.2 that relates to a classification category.
(b) Generic concentration limits for inhalation toxicity in the table are based on 4 hour testing exposures. Conversion of existing inhalation toxicity data which have been generated using a 1 hour exposure can be carried out by dividing by a factor of 2 for gases and vapours and 4 for dusts and mists.
(c) For some substances or mixtures the test atmosphere will not just be a vapour but will consist of a mixture of liquid and vapour phases. For other substances or mixtures the test atmosphere may consist of a vapour which is near the gaseous phase. In these latter cases, classification shall be based on ppmV as follows: Category 1 (100 ppmV), Category 2 (500 ppmV), Category 3 (2500 ppmV), Category 4 (20000 ppmV).
The terms "dust", "mist" and "vapour" are defined as follows:
- Dust: solid particles of a substance or mixture suspended in a gas (usually air);
- Mist: liquid droplets of a substance or mixture suspended in a gas (usually air);
- Vapour: the gaseous form of a substance or mixture released from its liquid or solid state.
Dust is generally formed by mechanical processes. Mist is generally formed by condensation of supersaturated vapours or by physical shearing of liquids. Dusts and mists generally have sizes ranging from less than 1 to about 100 μm.
3.1.2.2. Specific considerations for classification of substances as acutely toxic
3.1.2.2.1. The preferred test species for evaluation of acute toxicity by the oral and inhalation routes is the rat, while the rat or rabbit are preferred for evaluation of acute dermal toxicity. When experimental data for acute toxicity are available in several animal species, scientific judgement shall be used in selecting the most appropriate LD50 value from among valid, well-performed tests.
3.1.2.3. Specific considerations for classification of substances as acutely toxic by the inhalation route
3.1.2.3.1. Units for inhalation toxicity are a function of the form of the inhaled material. Values for dusts and mists are expressed in mg/l. Values for gases are expressed in ppmV. Acknowledging the difficulties in testing vapours, some of which consist of mixtures of liquid and vapour phases, the table provides values in units of mg/l. However, for those vapours which are near the gaseous phase, classification shall be based on ppmV.
3.1.2.3.2. Of particular importance in classifying for inhalation toxicity is the use of well articulated values in the high toxicity categories for dusts and mists. Inhaled particles between 1 and 4 microns mean mass aerodynamic diameter (MMAD) will deposit in all regions of the rat respiratory tract. This particle size range corresponds to a maximum dose of about 2 mg/l. In order to achieve applicability of animal experiments to human exposure, dusts and mists would ideally be tested in this range in rats.
3.1.2.3.3. In addition to classification for inhalation toxicity, if data are available that indicates that the mechanism of toxicity was corrosivity, the substance or mixture shall also be labelled as "corrosive to the respiratory tract" (see note 1 in 3.1.4.1). Corrosion of the respiratory tract is defined by destruction of the respiratory tract tissue after a single, limited period of exposure analogous to skin corrosion; this includes destruction of the mucosa. The corrosivity evaluation can be based on expert judgment using such evidence as: human and animal experience, existing (in vitro) data, pH values, information from similar substances or any other pertinent data.
3.1.3. Criteria for classification of mixtures as acutely toxic
3.1.3.1. The criteria for classification of substances for acute toxicity as outlined in section 3.1.2 are based on lethal dose data (tested or derived). For mixtures, it is necessary to obtain or derive information that allows the criteria to be applied to the mixture for the purpose of classification. The approach to classification for acute toxicity is tiered, and is dependent upon the amount of information available for the mixture itself and for its ingredients. The flow chart of Figure 3.1.1 outlines the process to be followed.
3.1.3.2. For acute toxicity each route of exposure shall be considered for the classification of mixtures, but only one route of exposure is needed as long as this route is followed (estimated or tested) for all ingredients. If the acute toxicity is determined for more than one route of exposure, the more severe hazard category will be used for classification. All available information shall be considered and all relevant routes of exposure shall be identified for hazard communication.
3.1.3.3. In order to make use of all available data for purposes of classifying the hazards of the mixtures, certain assumptions have been made and are applied where appropriate in the tiered approach:
(a) the "relevant ingredients" of a mixture are those which are present in concentrations of 1 % (w/w for solids, liquids, dusts, mists and vapours and v/v for gases) or greater, unless there is a reason to suspect that an ingredient present at a concentration of less than 1 % is still relevant for classifying the mixture for acute toxicity (see Table 1.1).
(b) where a classified mixture is used as an ingredient of another mixture, the actual or derived acute toxicity estimate (ATE) for that mixture may be used, when calculating the classification of the new mixture using the formulas in section 3.1.3.6.1 and paragraph 3.1.3.6.2.3.
Figure 3.1.1
Tiered approach to classification of mixtures for acute toxicity
Test data on the mixture as a whole
No
Yes
Sufficient data available on similar mixtures to estimate classification hazards
Yes
Apply bridging principles outlined in section 1.1.3.
CLASSIFY
No
Available data for all ingredients
Yes
Apply formula in section 3.1.3.6.1
CLASSIFY
No
Other data available to estimate conversion values for classification
Yes
Apply formula in section 3.1.3.6.1
CLASSIFY
No
Convey hazards of the known ingredients
• Apply formula in section 3.1.3.6.1. (unknown ingredients equal or below 10 %)
• Apply formula in paragraph 3.1.3.6.2.3. (unknown ingredients > 10 %)
CLASSIFY
+++++ TIFF +++++
3.1.3.4. Classification of mixtures where acute toxicity data are available for the complete mixture
3.1.3.4.1. Where the mixture itself has been tested to determine its acute toxicity, it shall be classified according to the same criteria as those used for substances, presented in Table 3.1.1. If test data for the mixture are not available, the procedures presented under sections 3.1.3.5 and 3.1.3.6 shall be followed.
3.1.3.5. Classification of mixtures where acute toxicity data are available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.1.3.5.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its acute toxicity, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3.
3.1.3.5.2. If a mixture is diluted with water or other totally non-toxic material, the toxicity of the mixture can be calculated from test data on the undiluted mixture.
3.1.3.6. Classification of mixtures based on ingredients of the mixture (Additivity formula)
3.1.3.6.1. Data available for all ingredients
In order to ensure that classification of the mixture is accurate, and that the calculation need only be performed once for all systems, sectors, and categories, the acute toxicity estimate (ATE) of ingredients shall be considered as follows:
(a) include ingredients with a known acute toxicity, which fall into any of the acute toxicity categories shown in Table 3.1.1;
(b) ignore ingredients that are presumed not acutely toxic (e.g., water, sugar);
(c) ignore ingredients if the oral limit test does not show acute toxicity at 2000 mg/kg bodyweight.
Ingredients that fall within the scope of this paragraph are considered to be ingredients with a known acute toxicity estimate (ATE).
The ATE of the mixture is determined by calculation from the ATE values for all relevant ingredients according to the following formula for Oral, Dermal or Inhalation Toxicity:
=
C
ATE
where:
Ci = concentration of ingredient i ( % w/w or % v/v)
i = the individual ingredient from 1 to n
n = the number of ingredients
ATEi = Acute Toxicity Estimate of ingredient i.
3.1.3.6.2. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for all components
3.1.3.6.2.1. Where an ATE is not available for an individual ingredient of the mixture, but available information, such as that listed below, can provide a derived conversion value such as those laid out in Table 3.1.2, the formula in section 3.1.3.6.1 shall be applied.
This includes evaluation of:
(a) extrapolation between oral, dermal and inhalation acute toxicity estimates [12]. Such an evaluation could require appropriate pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic data;
(b) evidence from human exposure that indicates toxic effects but does not provide lethal dose data;
(c) evidence from any other toxicity tests/assays available on the substance that indicates toxic acute effects but does not necessarily provide lethal dose data; or
(d) data from closely analogous substances using structure/activity relationships.
This approach generally requires substantial supplemental technical information, and a highly trained and experienced expert (expert judgement, see section 1.1.1), to reliably estimate acute toxicity. If such information is not available, proceed to paragraph 3.1.3.6.2.3.
3.1.3.6.2.2. In the event that an ingredient without any useable information at all is used in a mixture at a concentration of 1 % or greater, it is concluded that the mixture cannot be attributed a definitive acute toxicity estimate. In this situation the mixture shall be classified based on the known ingredients only, with the additional statement that x percent of the mixture consists of ingredient(s) of unknown toxicity.
3.1.3.6.2.3. If the total concentration of the ingredient(s) with unknown acute toxicity is ≤ 10 % then the formula presented in section 3.1.3.6.1 shall be used. If the total concentration of the ingredient(s) with unknown toxicity is > 10 %, the formula presented in section 3.1.3.6.1 shall be corrected to adjust for the total percentage of the unknown ingredient(s) as follows:
100-
ATE
=
C
ATE
i
Table 3.1.2
Conversion from experimentally obtained acute toxicity range values (or acute toxicity hazard categories) to acute toxicity point estimates for classification for the respective routes of exposure
Exposure routes | Classification Category or experimentally obtained acute toxicity range estimate | Converted acute toxicity point estimate (see Note 1) |
Oral (mg/kg bodyweight) | 0 Dermal (mg/kg bodyweight) | 0 Gases (ppmV) | 0 Vapours (mg/l) | 0 Dust/mist (mg/l) | 0 Note 1
These values are designed to be used in the calculation of the ATE for classification of a mixture based on its components and do not represent test results.
3.1.4. Hazard Communication
3.1.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 3.1.3.
Table 3.1.3
Acute toxicity label elements
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 | Category 4 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Danger | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement: Oral | H300: Fatal if swallowed | H300: Fatal if swallowed | H301: Toxic if swallowed | H302: Harmful if swallowed |
Dermal | H310:Fatal in contact with skin | H310:Fatal in contact with skin | H311: Toxic in contact with skin | H312: Harmful in contact with skin |
Inhalation(see Note 1) | H330:Fatal if inhaled | H330: Fatal if inhaled | H331: Toxic if inhaled | H332: Harmful if inhaled |
Precautionary Statement Prevention (oral) | P264 P270 | P264 P270 | P264 P270 | P264 P270 |
Precautionary Statement Response (oral) | P301 + P310 P321 P330 | P301 + P310 P321 P330 | P301 + P310 P321 P330 | P301 + P312 P330 |
Precautionary Statement Storage (oral) | P405 | P405 | P405 | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal (oral) | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 |
Precautionary Statement Prevention (dermal) | P262 P264 P270 P280 | P262 P264 P270 P280 | P280 | P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response (dermal) | P302 + P350 P310 P322 P361 P363 | P302 + P350 P310 P322 P361 P363 | P302 + P352 P312 P322 P361 P363 | P302 + P352 P312 P322 P363 |
Precautionary Statement Storage (dermal) | P405 | P405 | P405 | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal (dermal) | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 |
Precautionary Statement Prevention (inhalation) | P260 P271 P284 | P260 P271 P284 | P261 P271 | P261 P271 |
Precautionary Statement Response (inhalation) | P304 + P340 P310 P320 | P304 + P340 P310 P320 | P304 + P340 P311 P321 | P304 + P340 P312 |
Precautionary Statement Storage (inhalation) | P403 + P233 P405 | P403 + P233 P405 | P403 + P233 P405 | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal (inhalation) | P501 | P501 | P501 | |
Note 1
In addition to classification for inhalation toxicity, if data are available that indicates that the mechanism of toxicity is corrosivity, the substance or mixture shall also be labelled as EUH071: "corrosive to the respiratory tract" — see advice at 3.1.2.3.3. In addition to an appropriate acute toxicity pictogram, a corrosivity pictogram (used for skin and eye corrosivity) may be added together with the statement "corrosive to the respiratory tract".
Note 2
In the event that an ingredient without any useable information at all is used in a mixture at a concentration of 1 % or greater, the mixture shall be labelled with the additional statement that "x percent of the mixture consists of ingredient(s) of unknown toxicity" — see advice at 3.1.3.6.2.2.
3.2. Skin corrosion/irritation
3.2.1. Definitions
3.2.1.1. Skin Corrosion means the production of irreversible damage to the skin; namely, visible necrosis through the epidermis and into the dermis, following the application of a test substance for up to 4 hours. Corrosive reactions are typified by ulcers, bleeding, bloody scabs, and, by the end of observation at 14 days, by discolouration due to blanching of the skin, complete areas of alopecia, and scars. Histopathology shall be considered to evaluate questionable lesions.
Skin Irritation means the production of reversible damage to the skin following the application of a test substance for up to 4 hours.
3.2.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.2.2.1. Several factors need to be considered in determining the corrosion and irritation potential of substances before testing is undertaken. Solid substances (powders) may become corrosive or irritant when moistened or in contact with moist skin or mucous membranes. Existing human experience and animal data from single or repeated exposure shall be the first line of analysis, as they give information directly relevant to effects on the skin. In vitro alternatives that have been validated and accepted may also be used to help make classification decisions (see Article 5). In some cases enough information may be available from structurally related compounds to make classification decisions.
3.2.2.2. Likewise, pH extremes like ≤ 2 and ≥ 11,5 may indicate the potential to cause skin effects, especially when buffering capacity is known, although the correlation is not perfect. Generally, such substances are expected to produce significant effects on the skin. If consideration of alkali/acid reserve suggests the substance may not be corrosive despite the low or high pH value, then further testing shall be carried out to confirm this, preferably by use of an appropriate validated in vitro test.
3.2.2.3. If a substance is highly toxic by the dermal route, a skin irritation/corrosion study is not practicable since the amount of test substance to be applied considerably exceeds the toxic dose and, consequently, results in the death of the animals. When observations are made of skin irritation/corrosion in acute toxicity studies and are observed up through the limit dose, additional testing is not needed, provided that the dilutions used and species tested are equivalent.
3.2.2.4. All the above information that is available on a substance shall be used in determining the need for in vivo skin irritation testing.
Although information might be gained from the evaluation of single parameters within a tier (see paragraph 3.2.2.5), e.g. caustic alkalis with extreme pH shall be considered as skin corrosives, there is merit in considering the totality of existing information and making an overall weight of evidence determination. This is especially true when there is information available on some but not all parameters. Generally, primary emphasis shall be placed upon existing human experience and data, followed by animal experience and testing data, followed by other sources of information, but case-by-case determinations are necessary.
3.2.2.5. A tiered approach to the evaluation of initial information shall be considered, where applicable, recognising that all elements may not be relevant in certain cases.
3.2.2.6. Corrosion
3.2.2.6.1. On the basis of the results of animal testing a substance is classified as corrosive, as shown in Table 3.2.1. A corrosive substance is a substance that produces destruction of skin tissue, namely, visible necrosis through the epidermis and into the dermis, in at least 1 tested animal after exposure up to a 4 hour duration. Corrosive reactions are typified by ulcers, bleeding, bloody scabs and, by the end of observation at 14 days, by discoloration due to blanching of the skin, complete areas of alopecia and scars. Histopathology shall be considered to discern questionable lesions.
3.2.2.6.2. Three subcategories are provided within the corrosive category: subcategory 1A — where responses are noted following up to 3 minutes exposure and up to 1 hour observation; subcategory 1B — where responses are described following exposure between 3 minutes and 1 hour and observations up to 14 days; and subcategory 1C — where responses occur after exposures between 1 hour and 4 hours and observations up to 14 days.
3.2.2.6.3. The use of human data is discussed in paragraphs 3.2.2.1 and 3.2.2.4 and also in paragraphs 1.1.1.3, 1.1.1.4 and.1.1.1.5.
Table 3.2.1
Skin Corrosive category and subcategories
| | Corrosive in > 1 of 3 animals |
| Corrosive subcategories | Exposure | Observation |
Category 1: Corrosive | 1A | ≤ 3 minutes | ≤ 1 hour |
1B | > 3 minutes - ≤ 1 hour | ≤ 14 days |
1C | > 1 hour - ≤ 4 hours | ≤ 14 days |
3.2.2.7. Irritation
3.2.2.7.1. Using the results of animal testing a single irritant category (Category 2) is presented in Table 3.2.2. The use of human data is discussed in paragraphs 3.2.2.1 and 3.2.2.4 and also in paragraphs 1.1.1.3, 1.1.1.4 and.1.1.1.5. The major criterion for the irritant category is that at least 2 of 3 tested animals have a mean score of ≥ 2,3 - ≤ 4,0.
Table 3.2.2
Skin irritation category
Category | Criteria |
Category 2: Irritant | (1)Mean value of ≥ 2,3 - ≤ 4,0 for erythema/eschar or for oedema in at least 2 of 3 tested animals from gradings at 24, 48 and 72 hours after patch removal or, if reactions are delayed, from grades on 3 consecutive days after the onset of skin reactions; or(2)Inflammation that persists to the end of the observation period normally 14 days in at least 2 animals, particularly taking into account alopecia (limited area), hyperkeratosis, hyperplasia, and scaling; or(3)In some cases where there is pronounced variability of response among animals, with very definite positive effects related to chemical exposure in a single animal but less than the criteria above. |
3.2.2.8. Comments on responses obtained in skin irritation tests in animals
3.2.2.8.1. Animal irritant responses within a test can be quite variable, as they are with corrosion. The major criterion for classification of a substance as irritant to skin, as shown in paragraph 3.2.2.7.1, is the mean value of the scores for either erythema/eschar or oedema calculated in at least 2 of 3 tested animals. A separate irritant criterion accommodates cases when there is a significant irritant response but less than the mean score criterion for a positive test. For example, a test material might be designated as an irritant if at least 1 of 3 tested animals shows a very elevated mean score throughout the study, including lesions persisting at the end of an observation period of normally 14 days. Other responses could also fulfil this criterion. However, it should be ascertained that the responses are the result of chemical exposure.
3.2.2.8.2. Reversibility of skin lesions is another consideration in evaluating irritant responses. When inflammation persists to the end of the observation period in 2 or more test animals, taking into consideration alopecia (limited area), hyperkeratosis, hyperplasia and scaling, then a material shall be considered to be an irritant.
3.2.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.2.3.1. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.2.3.1.1. The mixture will be classified using the criteria for substances, and taking into account the testing and evaluation strategies to develop data for these hazard classes.
3.2.3.1.2. Unlike other hazard classes, there are alternative tests available for skin corrosivity of certain types of substances and mixtures that can give an accurate result for classification purposes, as well as being simple and relatively inexpensive to perform. When considering testing of the mixture, classifiers are encouraged to use a tiered weight of evidence strategy as included in the criteria for classification of substances for skin corrosion and irritation (paragraph 3.2.2.5), to help ensure an accurate classification as well as avoid unnecessary animal testing. A mixture is considered corrosive to skin (Skin Corrosive Category 1) if it has a pH of 2 or less or a pH of 11,5 or greater. If consideration of alkali/acid reserve suggests the substance or mixture may not be corrosive despite the low or high pH value, then further testing shall be carried out to confirm this, preferably by use of an appropriate validated in vitro test.
3.2.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.2.3.2.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its skin irritation/corrosion hazards, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3.
3.2.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all components or only for some components of the mixture
3.2.3.3.1. In order to make use of all available data for purposes of classifying the skin irritation/corrosion hazards of mixtures, the following assumption has been made and is applied where appropriate in the tiered approach:
Assumption: the "relevant ingredients" of a mixture are those which are present in concentrations of 1 % (w/w for solids, liquids, dusts, mists and vapours and v/v for gases) or greater, unless there is a presumption (e.g., in the case of corrosive ingredients) that an ingredient present at a concentration of less than 1 % can still be relevant for classifying the mixture for skin irritation/corrosion.
3.2.3.3.2. In general, the approach to classification of mixtures as irritant or corrosive to skin when data are available on the components, but not on the mixture as a whole, is based on the theory of additivity, such that each corrosive or irritant component contributes to the overall irritant or corrosive properties of the mixture in proportion to its potency and concentration. A weighting factor of 10 is used for corrosive components when they are present at a concentration below the generic concentration limit for classification with Category 1, but are at a concentration that will contribute to the classification of the mixture as an irritant. The mixture is classified as corrosive or irritant when the sum of the concentrations of such components exceeds a concentration limit.
3.2.3.3.3. Table 3.2.3 provides the generic concentration limits to be used to determine if the mixture is considered to be an irritant or a corrosive to the skin.
3.2.3.3.4.1. Particular care must be taken when classifying certain types of mixtures containing substances such as acids and bases, inorganic salts, aldehydes, phenols, and surfactants. The approach explained in paragraphs 3.2.3.3.1 and 3.2.3.3.2 may not be applicable given that many of such substances are corrosive or irritant at concentrations 3.2.3.3.4.2. For mixtures containing strong acids or bases the pH shall be used as a classification criterion (see paragraph 3.2.3.1.2) since pH is a better indicator of corrosion than the concentration limits of Table 3.2.3.
3.2.3.3.4.3. A mixture containing ingredients that are corrosive or irritant to the skin and that cannot be classified on the basis of the additivity approach (Table 3.2.3), due to chemical characteristics that make this approach unworkable, shall be classified as Skin Corrosive Category 1A, 1B or 1C if it contains ≥ 1 % of an ingredient classified in Category 1A, 1B or 1C respectively or as Category 2 when it contains ≥ 3 % of an irritant ingredient. Classification of mixtures with ingredients for which the approach in Table 3.2.3 does not apply is summarised in Table 3.2.4.
3.2.3.3.5. On occasion, reliable data may show that the skin corrosion/irritation hazard of an ingredient will not be evident when present at a level above the generic concentration limits mentioned in Tables 3.2.3 and 3.2.4. In these cases the mixture shall be classified according to that data (see also Articles 10 and 11). On other occasions, when it is expected that the skin corrosion/irritation hazard of an ingredient is not evident when present at a level above the generic concentration limits mentioned in Tables 3.2.3 and 3.2.4, testing of the mixture shall be considered. In those cases the tiered weight of evidence strategy shall be applied, as described in paragraph 3.2.2.5.
3.2.3.3.6. If there are data showing that (an) ingredient(s) is/are corrosive or irritant at a concentration of Table 3.2.3
Generic concentration limits of ingredients classified for skin corrosive/irritant hazard (Category 1 or 2) that trigger classification of the mixture as corrosive/irritant to skin
Sum of ingredients classified as: | Concentration triggering classification of a mixture as: |
| Skin Corrosive | Skin Irritant |
| Category 1 (see note below) | Category 2 |
Skin Corrosive Categories 1A, 1B, 1C | ≥ 5 % | ≥ 1 % but Skin irritant Category 2 | | ≥ 10 % |
(10 × Skin Corrosive Category 1A, 1B, 1C) + Skin irritant Category 2 | | ≥ 10 % |
Note
The sum of all ingredients of a mixture classified as Skin Corrosive Category 1A, 1B or 1C respectively, shall each be ≥ 5 % respectively in order to classify the mixture as either Skin Corrosive Category 1A, 1B or 1C. If the sum of the Skin Corrosive Category 1A ingredients is Table 3.2.4
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture for which the additivity approach does not apply, that trigger classification of the mixture as corrosive/irritant to skin
Ingredient: | Concentration: | Mixture classified as: Skin |
Acid with pH ≤ 2 | ≥ 1 % | Category 1 |
Base with pH ≥ 11,5 | ≥ 1 % | Category 1 |
Other corrosive (Categories 1A, 1B, 1C) ingredients for which additivity does not apply | ≥ 1 % | Category 1 |
Other irritant (Category 2) ingredients for which additivity does not apply, including acids and bases | ≥ 3 % | Category 2 |
3.2.4. Hazard Communication
3.2.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 3.2.5.
Table 3.2.5
Label elements for skin corrosion/irritation
Classification | Category 1 A/1 B/1 C | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H314: Causes severe skin burns and eye damage | H315: Causes skin irritation |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P260 P264 P280 | P264 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P301 + P330 + P331 P303 + P361 + P353 P363 P304 + P340 P310 P321 P305 + P351 + P338 | P302 + P352 P321 P332 + P313 P362 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P405 | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | |
3.3. Serious eye damage/eye irritation
3.3.1. Definitions
3.3.1.1. Serious eye damage means the production of tissue damage in the eye, or serious physical decay of vision, following application of a test substance to the anterior surface of the eye, which is not fully reversible within 21 days of application.
Eye irritation means the production of changes in the eye following the application of test substance to the anterior surface of the eye, which are fully reversible within 21 days of application.
3.3.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.3.2.1. The classification system for substances involves a tiered testing and evaluation scheme, combining pre-existing information on serious ocular tissue damage and on eye irritation (including data relating to historical human or animal experience) as well as considerations on (Q)SAR and the output of validated in vitro tests in order to avoid unnecessary animal testing.
3.3.2.2. Before any in vivo testing for serious eye damage/eye irritation is carried out, all existing information on a substance shall be reviewed. Preliminary decisions can often be made from existing data as to whether a substance causes serious (i.e. irreversible) damage to the eyes. If a substance can be classified on the basis of these data, no testing is required.
3.3.2.3. Several factors need to be considered in determining the serious eye damage or irritation potential of a substance before testing is undertaken. Accumulated human and animal experience shall be the first line of analysis, as it gives information directly relevant to effects on the eye. In some cases enough information may be available from structurally related compounds to make hazard decisions. Likewise, pH extremes like ≤ 2 and ≥ 11,5 may produce serious eye damage, especially when associated with significant buffering capacity. Such substances are expected to produce significant effects on the eyes. Possible skin corrosion has to be evaluated prior to consideration of serious eye damage/eye irritation in order to avoid testing for local effects on eyes with skin corrosive substances. Skin corrosive substances shall be considered as leading to serious damage to the eyes as well (Category 1), while skin irritant substances may be considered as leading to eye irritation (Category 2). In vitro alternatives that have been validated and accepted can be used to make classification decisions (see Article 5).
3.3.2.4. All the above information that is available on a substance shall be used in determining the need for in vivo eye irritation testing. Although information may be gained from the evaluation of single parameters within a tier (e.g. caustic alkalis with extreme pH shall be considered as local corrosives), the totality of existing information shall be considered in making an overall weight of evidence determination, particularly when there is information available on some but not all parameters. Generally, primary emphasis shall be placed upon expert judgement, considering human experience with the substance, followed by the outcome of skin irritation testing and of well-validated alternative methods. Animal testing with corrosive substances or mixtures shall be avoided whenever possible.
3.3.2.5. A tiered approach to the evaluation of initial information shall be considered where applicable, while recognising that all elements may not be relevant in certain cases.
3.3.2.6. Irreversible effects on the eye/serious damage to eyes (Category 1)
3.3.2.6.1. Substances that have the potential to seriously damage the eyes are classified in Category 1 (irreversible effects on the eye). Substances are classified in this hazard category on the basis of the results of animal testing, in accordance with the criteria listed in Table 3.3.1. These observations include animals with grade 4 cornea lesions and other severe reactions (e.g., destruction of cornea) observed at any time during the test, as well as persistent corneal opacity, discoloration of the cornea by a dye substance, adhesion, pannus, and interference with the function of the iris or other effects that impair sight. In this context, persistent lesions are considered those which are not fully reversible within an observation period of normally 21 days. Substances are also classified in Category 1 if they fulfil the criteria of corneal opacity ≥ 3 or iritis > 1,5 detected in a Draize eye test with rabbits, recognising that such severe lesions usually do not reverse within a 21-day observation period.
Table 3.3.1
Category for irreversible eye effects
Category | Criteria |
Irreversible effects on the eye (Category 1) | If, when applied to the eye of an animal, a substance produces: at least in one animal effects on the cornea, iris or conjunctiva that are not expected to reverse or have not fully reversed within an observation period of normally 21 days; and/orat least in 2 of 3 tested animals, a positive response of:corneal opacity ≥ 3 and/oriritis > 1,5calculated as the mean scores following grading at 24, 48 and 72 hours after installation of the test material. |
3.3.2.6.2. The use of human data is discussed in paragraphs 3.3.2.1, 3.3.2.4, and also in paragraphs 1.1.1.3, 1.1.1.4 and 1.1.1.5.
3.3.2.7. Reversible effects on the eye (Category 2)
3.3.2.7.1. Substances that have the potential to induce reversible eye irritation are classified in Category 2 (irritating to eyes).
Table 3.3.2
Category for reversible eye effects
Category | Criteria |
Irritating to eyes (Category 2) | if, when applied to the eye of an animal, a substance produces: at least in 2 of 3 tested animals, a positive response of:corneal opacity ≥ 1 and/oriritis ≥ 1, and/orconjunctival redness ≥ 2 and/orconjunctival oedema (chemosis) ≥ 2calculated as the mean scores following grading at 24, 48 and 72 hours after installation of the test material, and which fully reverses within an observation period of 21 days |
3.3.2.7.2. For those substances where there is pronounced variability among animal responses, this information shall be taken into account in determining the classification.
3.3.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.3.3.1. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.3.3.1.1. The mixture will be classified using the criteria for substances, and taking into account the testing and evaluation strategies used to develop data for these hazard classes.
3.3.3.1.2. Unlike other hazard classes, there are alternative tests available for skin corrosivity of certain types of mixtures that give an accurate result for classification purposes, as well as being simple and relatively inexpensive to perform. When considering testing of the mixture classifiers are encouraged to use a tiered weight of evidence strategy as included in the criteria for classification of substances for skin corrosion and serious eye damage and eye irritation to help ensure an accurate classification, as well as avoid unnecessary animal testing. A mixture is considered to cause serious eye damage (Category 1) if it has a pH ≤ 2,0 or ≥ 11,5. If consideration of alkali/acid reserve suggests the mixture may not have the potential to cause serious eye damage despite the low or high pH value, then further testing needs to be carried out to confirm this, preferably by use of an appropriate validated in vitro test.
3.3.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.3.3.2.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its skin corrosivity or potential to cause serious eye damage or irritation, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3.
3.3.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all components or only for some components of the mixture
3.3.3.3.1. In order to make use of all available data for purposes of classifying the eye irritation/serious eye damaging properties of the mixtures, the following assumption has been made and is applied where appropriate in the tiered approach:
Assumption: The "relevant ingredients" of a mixture are those which are present in concentrations of 1 % (w/w for solids, liquids, dusts, mists and vapours and v/v for gases) or greater, unless there is a presumption (e.g. in the case of corrosive ingredients) that an ingredient present at a concentration of less than 1 % is still relevant for classifying the mixture for eye irritation/serious eye damage.
3.3.3.3.2. In general, the approach to classification of mixtures as eye irritant or seriously damaging to the eye when data are available on the components, but not on the mixture as a whole, is based on the theory of additivity, such that each corrosive or irritant component contributes to the overall irritant or corrosive properties of the mixture in proportion to its potency and concentration. A weighting factor of 10 is used for corrosive components when they are present at a concentration below the generic concentration limit for classification in Category 1, but are at a concentration that will contribute to the classification of the mixture as an irritant. The mixture is classified as seriously damaging to the eye or eye irritant when the sum of the concentrations of such components exceeds a concentration limit.
3.3.3.3.3. Table 3.3.3 provides the generic concentration limits to be used to determine if the mixture shall be classified as irritant or as seriously damaging to the eye.
3.3.3.3.4.1. Particular care must be taken when classifying certain types of mixtures containing substances such as acids and bases, inorganic salts, aldehydes, phenols, and surfactants. The approach explained in paragraphs 3.3.3.3.1 and 3.3.3.3.2 might not work given that many of such substances are corrosive or irritant at concentrations 3.3.3.3.4.2. For mixtures containing strong acids or bases the pH shall be used as classification criteria (see paragraph 3.3.2.3) since pH will be a better indicator of serious eye damage than the generic concentration limits of Table 3.3.3.
3.3.3.3.4.3. A mixture containing corrosive or irritant ingredients that cannot be classified based on the additivity approach (Table 3.3.3), due to chemical characteristics that make this approach unworkable, shall be classified as Category 1 for effects on the eye if it contains ≥ 1 % of a corrosive ingredient and as Category 2 when it contains ≥ 3 % of an irritant ingredient. Classification of mixtures with ingredients for which the approach in Table 3.3.3 does not apply is summarised in Table 3.3.4.
3.3.3.3.5. On occasion, reliable data may show that the reversible/irreversible eye effects of an ingredient will not be evident when present at a level above the generic concentration limits mentioned in Tables 3.3.3 and 3.3.4. In these cases the mixture shall be classified according to those data. On other occasions, when it is expected that the skin corrosion/irritation hazards or the reversible/irreversible eye effects of an ingredient will not be evident when present at a level above the generic concentration limits mentioned in Tables 3.3.3 and 3.3.4, testing of the mixture shall be considered. In those cases, the tiered weight of evidence strategy shall be applied.
3.3.3.3.6. If there are data showing that (an) ingredient(s) may be corrosive or irritant at a concentration of Table 3.3.3
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture classified as Skin corrosive Category 1 and/or eye Category 1 or 2 for effects on the eye that trigger classification of the mixture for effects on the eye (Category 1 or 2)
Sum of ingredients classified as: | Concentration triggering classification of a mixture as: |
Irreversible Eye Effects | Reversible Eye Effects |
Category 1 | Category 2 |
Eye Effects Category 1 or Skin Corrosive Category 1A, 1B, 1C | ≥ 3 % | ≥ 1 % but Eye Effects Category 2 | | ≥ 10 % |
(10 × Eye Effects Category 1) + Eye effects Category 2 | | ≥ 10 % |
Skin Corrosive Category 1A, 1B, 1C + Eye effects Category 1 | ≥ 3 % | ≥ 1 % but 10 × (Skin Corrosive Category 1A, 1B, 1C + Eye Effects Category 1) + Eye Effects Category 2 | | ≥ 10 % |
Table 3.3.4
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture for which the additivity approach does not apply, that trigger classification of the mixture as hazardous to the eye
Ingredient | Concentration | Mixture classified as: Eye |
Acid with pH ≤ 2 | ≥ 1 % | Category 1 |
Base with pH ≥ 11,5 | ≥ 1 % | Category 1 |
Other corrosive (Category 1) ingredients for which additivity does not apply | ≥ 1 % | Category 1 |
Other irritant (Category 2) ingredients for which additivity does not apply, including acids and bases | ≥ 3 % | Category 2 |
3.3.4. Hazard Communication
3.3.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 3.3.5.
Table 3.3.5
Label elements for serious eye damage/eye irritation
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H318: Causes serious eye damage | H319: Causes serious eye irritation |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P280 | P264 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P305 + P351 + P338 P310 | P305 + P351 + P338 P337 + P313 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | | |
3.4. Respiratory or skin sensitisation
3.4.1. Definitions and general considerations
3.4.1.1. Respiratory sensitiser means a substance that will lead to hypersensitivity of the airways following inhalation of the substance.
3.4.1.2. Skin sensitiser means a substance that will lead to an allergic response following skin contact.
3.4.1.3. For the purpose of section 3.4, sensitisation includes two phases: the first phase is induction of specialised immunological memory in an individual by exposure to an allergen. The second phase is elicitation, i.e. production of a cell-mediated or antibody-mediated allergic response by exposure of a sensitised individual to an allergen.
3.4.1.4. For respiratory sensitisation, the pattern of induction followed by elicitation phases is shared in common with skin sensitisation. For skin sensitisation, an induction phase is required in which the immune system learns to react; clinical symptoms can then arise when subsequent exposure is sufficient to elicit a visible skin reaction (elicitation phase). As a consequence, predictive tests usually follow this pattern in which there is an induction phase, the response to which is measured by a standardised elicitation phase, typically involving a patch test. The local lymph node assay is the exception, directly measuring the induction response. Evidence of skin sensitisation in humans normally is assessed by a diagnostic patch test.
3.4.1.5. Usually, for both skin and respiratory sensitisation, lower levels are necessary for elicitation than are required for induction. Provisions for alerting sensitised individuals to the presence of a particular sensitiser in a mixture can be found at section 3.4.4.
3.4.1.6. The hazard class Respiratory or Skin Sensitisation is differentiated into:
- Respiratory Sensitisation;
- Skin Sensitisation.
3.4.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.4.2.1. Respiratory sensitisers
Substances shall be classified as respiratory sensitisers (Category 1) in accordance with the criteria in Table 3.4.1:
Table 3.4.1
Hazard category for respiratory sensitisers
Category | Criteria |
Category 1 | Substances shall be classified as respiratory sensitisers (Category 1) in accordance with the following criteria: (a)if there is evidence in humans that the substance can lead to specific respiratory hypersensitivity and/or(b)if there are positive results from an appropriate animal test. |
3.4.2.1.1 Human evidence
3.4.2.1.1.1. Evidence that a substance can induce specific respiratory hypersensitivity will normally be based on human experience. In this context, hypersensitivity is normally seen as asthma, but other hypersensitivity reactions such as rhinitis/conjunctivitis and alveolitis are also considered. The condition will have the clinical character of an allergic reaction. However, immunological mechanisms do not have to be demonstrated.
3.4.2.1.1.2. When considering the human evidence, it is necessary for a decision on classification to take into account, in addition to the evidence from the cases:
(a) the size of the population exposed;
(b) the extent of exposure.
The use of human data is discussed in paragraphs 1.1.1.3, 1.1.1.4 and 1.1.1.5.
3.4.2.1.1.3. The evidence referred to above could be
(a) clinical history and data from appropriate lung function tests related to exposure to the substance, confirmed by other supportive evidence which may include:
(i) in vivo immunological test (e.g. skin prick test);
(ii) in vitro immunological test (e.g. serological analysis);
(iii) studies that indicate other specific hypersensitivity reactions where immunological mechanisms of action have not been proven, e.g. repeated low-level irritation, pharmacologically mediated effects;
(iv) a chemical structure related to substances known to cause respiratory hypersensitivity;
(b) data from one or more positive bronchial challenge tests with the substance conducted according to accepted guidelines for the determination of a specific hypersensitivity reaction.
3.4.2.1.1.4. Clinical history shall include both medical and occupational history to determine a relationship between exposure to a specific substance and development of respiratory hypersensitivity. Relevant information includes aggravating factors both in the home and workplace, the onset and progress of the disease, family history and medical history of the patient in question. The medical history shall also include a note of other allergic or airway disorders from childhood, and smoking history.
3.4.2.1.1.5. The results of positive bronchial challenge tests are considered to provide sufficient evidence for classification on their own. It is however recognised that in practice many of the examinations listed above will already have been carried out.
3.4.2.1.2. Animal studies
3.4.2.1.2.1. Data from appropriate animal studies [13] which may be indicative of the potential of a substance to cause sensitisation by inhalation in humans [14] may include:
(i) measurements of Immunoglobulin E (IgE) and other specific immunological parameters in mice;
(ii) specific pulmonary responses in guinea pigs.
3.4.2.2. Skin sensitisers
3.4.2.2.1. Substances shall be classified as skin sensitisers (Category 1) in accordance with the criteria in Table 3.4.2:
Table 3.4.2
Hazard category for skin sensitisers
Category | Criteria |
Category 1 | Substances shall be classified as skin sensitisers (Category 1) in accordance with the following criteria: (i)if there is evidence in humans that the substance can lead to sensitisation by skin contact in a substantial number of persons, or(ii)if there are positive results from an appropriate animal test (see specific criteria in paragraph 3.4.2.2.4.1). |
3.4.2.2.2. Specific considerations
3.4.2.2.2.1. For classification of a substance as a skin sensitiser, evidence shall include any or all of the following:
(a) positive data from patch testing, normally obtained in more than one dermatology clinic;
(b) epidemiological studies showing allergic contact dermatitis caused by the substance; Situations in which a high proportion of those exposed exhibit characteristic symptoms are to be looked at with special concern, even if the number of cases is small;
(c) positive data from appropriate animal studies;
(d) positive data from experimental studies on humans (see Article 7(3));
(e) well documented episodes of allergic contact dermatitis, normally obtained in more than one dermatology clinic.
The use of human data is discussed in paragraphs 1.1.1.3, 1.1.1.4 and 1.1.1.5.
3.4.2.2.2.2. Positive effects seen in either humans or animals will normally justify classification. Evidence from animal studies (see section 3.4.2.2.4) is usually much more reliable than evidence from human exposure. However, in cases where evidence is available from both sources, and there is conflict between the results, the quality and reliability of the evidence from both sources must be assessed in order to resolve the question of classification on a case-by-case basis. Normally, human data are not generated in controlled experiments with volunteers for the purpose of hazard classification but rather as part of risk assessment to confirm lack of effects seen in animal tests. Consequently, positive human data on skin sensitisation are usually derived from case-control or other, less defined studies. Evaluation of human data must therefore be carried out with caution, as the frequency of cases reflect, in addition to the intrinsic properties of the substances, factors such as the exposure situation, bioavailability, individual predisposition and preventive measures taken. Negative human data can not normally be used to negate positive results from animal studies.
3.4.2.2.2.3. If none of the above mentioned conditions are met the substance need not be classified as a skin sensitiser. However, a combination of two or more indicators of skin sensitisation as listed below may alter the decision, which shall be considered on a case-by-case basis:
(a) isolated episodes of allergic contact dermatitis;
(b) epidemiological studies of limited power, e.g. where chance, bias or confounders have not been ruled out fully with reasonable confidence;
(c) data from animal tests, performed according to existing guidelines, which do not meet the criteria for a positive result described in paragraph 3.4.2.2.4.1, but which are sufficiently close to the limit to be considered significant;
(d) positive data from non-standard methods;
(e) positive results from close structural analogues.
3.4.2.2.3. Immunological contact urticaria
3.4.2.2.3.1. Some substances meeting the criteria for classification as respiratory sensitisers may in addition cause immunological contact urticaria. Consideration shall be given to classifying these substances also as skin sensitisers and including information concerning contact urticaria on the label or in the SDS using appropriate warning information.
3.4.2.2.3.2. For substances which produce signs of immunological contact urticaria but which do not fulfil the criteria as a respiratory sensitiser, consideration shall be given to classification as a skin sensitiser. There is no recognised animal model available to identify substances which cause immunological contact urticaria. Therefore, classification will normally be based on human evidence, which will be similar to that for skin sensitisation.
3.4.2.2.4. Animal studies
3.4.2.2.4.1. When an adjuvant type guinea pig test method for skin sensitisation is used, a response of at least 30 % of the animals is considered as positive. For a non-adjuvant guinea pig test method a response of at least 15 % of the animals is considered positive. Test methods for skin sensitisation described in Regulation (EC) No 440/2008 adopted in accordance with Article 13(3) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 ("Test Method Regulation") shall be used, or other methods provided that they are well-validated and scientific justification is given.
3.4.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.4.3.1. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.4.3.1.1. When reliable and good quality evidence from human experience or appropriate studies in experimental animals, as described in the criteria for substances, is available for the mixture, then the mixture can be classified by weight of evidence evaluation of these data. Care shall be exercised in evaluating data on mixtures, that the dose used does not render the results inconclusive.
3.4.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.4.3.2.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its sensitising properties, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3.
3.4.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all ingredients or only for some ingredients of the mixture
3.4.3.3.1. The mixture shall be classified as a respiratory or skin sensitiser when at least one ingredient has been classified as a respiratory or skin sensitiser and is present at or above the appropriate generic concentration limit as shown in Table 3.4.3 for solid/liquid and gas respectively.
3.4.3.3.2. Some substances that are classified as sensitisers may elicit a response, when present in a mixture in quantities below the concentrations established in Table 3.4.1, in individuals who are already sensitised to the substance or mixture (see Note 1 to Table 3.4.3).
Table 3.4.3
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture classified as either skin sensitisers or respiratory sensitisers that trigger classification of the mixture
Ingredient classified as: | Concentration triggering classification of a mixture as: |
Skin Sensitiser | Respiratory Sensitiser |
All physical states | Solid/Liquid | Gas |
Skin Sensitiser | ≥ 0,1 % (Note 1) | — | — |
≥ 1,0 % (Note 2) | — | — |
Respiratory Sensitiser | — | ≥ 0,1 % (Note 1) | ≥ 0,1 % (Note 1) |
— | ≥ 1,0 % (Note 3) | ≥ 0,2 % (Note 3) |
Note 1
This concentration limit is generally used for the application of the special labelling requirements of Annex II section 2.8 to protect already sensitised individuals. A SDS is required for the mixture containing an ingredient above this concentration.
Note 2
This concentration limit is used to trigger classification of a mixture as a skin sensitiser.
Note 3
This concentration limit is used to trigger classification of a mixture as a respiratory sensitiser.
3.4.4. Hazard communication
3.4.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 3.4.4.
Table 3.4.4
Respiratory or skin sensitisation label elements.
Classification | Respiratory sensitisation | Skin sensitisation |
Category 1 | Category 1 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H334: May cause allergy or asthma symptoms or breathing difficulties if inhaled | H317: May cause an allergic skin reaction |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P261 P285 | P261 P272 P280 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P304 + P341 P342+ P311 | P302 + P352 P333 + P313 P321 P363 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 |
3.5. Germ cell mutagenicity
3.5.1. Definitions and general considerations
3.5.1.1. A mutation means a permanent change in the amount or structure of the genetic material in a cell. The term "mutation" applies both to heritable genetic changes that may be manifested at the phenotypic level and to the underlying DNA modifications when known (including specific base pair changes and chromosomal translocations). The term "mutagenic" and "mutagen" will be used for agents giving rise to an increased occurrence of mutations in populations of cells and/or organisms.
3.5.1.2. The more general terms "genotoxic" and "genotoxicity" apply to agents or processes which alter the structure, information content, or segregation of DNA, including those which cause DNA damage by interfering with normal replication processes, or which in a non-physiological manner (temporarily) alter its replication. Genotoxicity test results are usually taken as indicators for mutagenic effects.
3.5.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.5.2.1. This hazard class is primarily concerned with substances that may cause mutations in the germ cells of humans that can be transmitted to the progeny. However, the results from mutagenicity or genotoxicity tests in vitro and in mammalian somatic and germ cells in vivo are also considered in classifying substances and mixtures within this hazard class.
3.5.2.2. For the purpose of classification for germ cell mutagenicity, substances are allocated to one of two categories as shown in Table 3.5.1.
Table 3.5.1
Hazard categories for germ cell mutagens
Categories | Criteria |
CATEGORY 1: | Substances known to induce heritable mutations or to be regarded as if they induce heritable mutations in the germ cells of humans. Substances known to induce heritable mutations in the germ cells of humans. |
Category 1A: | The classification in Category 1A is based on positive evidence from human epidemiological studies. Substances to be regarded as if they induce heritable mutations in the germ cells of humans. |
Category 1B: | The classification in Category 1B is based on: positive result(s) from in vivo heritable germ cell mutagenicity tests in mammals; orpositive result(s) from in vivo somatic cell mutagenicity tests in mammals, in combination with some evidence that the substance has potential to cause mutations to germ cells. It is possible to derive this supporting evidence from mutagenicity/genotoxicity tests in germ cells in vivo, or by demonstrating the ability of the substance or its metabolite(s) to interact with the genetic material of germ cells; orpositive results from tests showing mutagenic effects in the germ cells of humans, without demonstration of transmission to progeny; for example, an increase in the frequency of aneuploidy in sperm cells of exposed people. |
CATEGORY 2: | Substances which cause concern for humans owing to the possibility that they may induce heritable mutations in the germ cells of humans The classification in Category 2 is based on: positive evidence obtained from experiments in mammals and/or in some cases from in vitro experiments, obtained from:somatic cell mutagenicity tests in vivo, in mammals; orother in vivo somatic cell genotoxicity tests which are supported by positive results from in vitro mutagenicity assays.Note: Substances which are positive in in vitro mammalian mutagenicity assays, and which also show chemical structure activity relationship to known germ cell mutagens, shall be considered for classification as Category 2 mutagens. |
3.5.2.3. Specific considerations for classification of substances as germ cell mutagens
3.5.2.3.1. To arrive at a classification, test results are considered from experiments determining mutagenic and/or genotoxic effects in germ and/or somatic cells of exposed animals. Mutagenic and/or genotoxic effects determined in in vitro tests shall also be considered.
3.5.2.3.2. The system is hazard based, classifying substances on the basis of their intrinsic ability to induce mutations in germ cells. The scheme is, therefore, not meant for the (quantitative) risk assessment of substances.
3.5.2.3.3. Classification for heritable effects in human germ cells is made on the basis of well conducted, sufficiently validated tests, preferably as described in Regulation (EC) No 440/2008 adopted in accordance with Article 13(3) of Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 ("Test Method Regulation") such as those listed in the following paragraphs. Evaluation of the test results shall be done using expert judgement and all the available evidence shall be weighed in arriving at a classification.
3.5.2.3.4. In vivo heritable germ cell mutagenicity tests, such as:
- rodent dominant lethal mutation test;
- mouse heritable translocation assay.
3.5.2.3.5. In vivo somatic cell mutagenicicty tests, such as:
- mammalian bone marrow chromosome aberration test;
- mouse spot test;
- mammalian erythrocyte micronucleus test.
3.5.2.3.6. Mutagenicity/genotoxicity tests in germ cells, such as:
(a) mutagenicity tests:
- mammalian spermatogonial chromosome aberration test;
- spermatid micronucleus assay;
(b) Genotoxicity tests:
- sister chromatid exchange analysis in spermatogonia;
- unscheduled DNA synthesis test (UDS) in testicular cells.
3.5.2.3.7. Genotoxicity tests in somatic cells such as:
- liver Unscheduled synthesis test (UDS) in vivo;
- mammalian bone marrow Sister Chromatid Exchanges (SCE);
3.5.2.3.8. In vitro mutagenicity tests such as:
- in vitro mammalian chromosome aberration test;
- in vitro mammalian cell gene mutation test;
- bacterial reverse mutation tests.
3.5.2.3.9. The classification of individual substances shall be based on the total weight of evidence available, using expert judgement (See 1.1.1). In those instances where a single well-conducted test is used for classification, it shall provide clear and unambiguously positive results. If new, well validated, tests arise these may also be used in the total weight of evidence to be considered. The relevance of the route of exposure used in the study of the substance compared to the route of human exposure shall also be taken into account.
3.5.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.5.3.1. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all ingredients or only for some ingredients of the mixture
3.5.3.1.1. The mixture shall be classified as a mutagen when at least one ingredient has been classified as a Category 1A, Category 1B or Category 2 mutagen and is present at or above the appropriate generic concentration limit as shown in Table 3.5.2 for Category 1A, Category 1B and Category 2 respectively.
Table 3.5.2
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture classified as germ cell mutagens that trigger classification of the mixture.
| Concentration limits triggering classification of a mixture as: |
Ingredient classified as: | Category 1A mutagen | Category 1B mutagen | Category 2 mutagen |
Category 1A mutagen | ≥ 0,1 % | — | — |
Category 1B mutagen | — | ≥ 0,1 % | — |
Category 2 mutagen | — | — | ≥ 1,0 % |
Note
The concentration limits in the table above apply to solids and liquids (w/w units) as well as gases (v/v units).
3.5.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.5.3.2.1. Classification of mixtures will be based on the available test data for the individual ingredients of the mixture using concentration limits for the ingredients classified as germ cell mutagens. On a case-by-case basis, test data on mixtures may be used for classification when demonstrating effects that have not been established from the evaluation based on the individual ingredients. In such cases, the test results for the mixture as a whole must be shown to be conclusive taking into account dose and other factors such as duration, observations, sensitivity and statistical analysis of germ cell mutagenicity test systems. Adequate documentation supporting the classification shall be retained and made available for review upon request.
3.5.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.5.3.3.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its germ cell mutagenicity hazard, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures (subject to paragraph 3.5.3.2.1), to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the applicable bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3.
3.5.4. Hazard communication
3.5.4.1. Label elements shall be used in accordance with Table 3.5.3, for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class.
Table 3.5.3
Label elements of germ cell mutagenicity
Classification | Category 1A or Category 1B | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H340: May cause genetic defects (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) | H341: Suspected of causing genetic defects (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P201 P202 P281 | P201 P202 P281 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P308 + P313 | P308 + P313 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P405 | P405 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 |
3.5.5. Additional classification considerations
It is increasingly accepted that the process of chemical-induced tumorigenesis in humans and animals involves genetic changes for example in proto-oncogenes and/or tumour suppresser genes of somatic cells. Therefore, the demonstration of mutagenic properties of substances in somatic and/or germ cells of mammals in vivo may have implications for the potential classification of these substances as carcinogens (see also Carcinogenicity, section 3.6, paragraph 3.6.2.2.6).
3.6. Carcinogenicity
3.6.1. Definition
3.6.1.1. Carcinogen means a substance or a mixture of substances which induce cancer or increase its incidence. Substances which have induced benign and malignant tumours in well performed experimental studies on animals are considered also to be presumed or suspected human carcinogens unless there is strong evidence that the mechanism of tumour formation is not relevant for humans.
3.6.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.6.2.1. For the purpose of classification for carcinogenicity, substances are allocated to one of two categories based on strength of evidence and additional considerations (weight of evidence). In certain instances, route-specific classification may be warranted, if it can be conclusively proved that no other route of exposure exhibits the hazard.
Table 3.6.1
Hazard categories for carcinogens
Categories | Criteria |
CATEGORY 1: | Known or presumed human carcinogens A substance is classified in Category 1 for carcinogenicity on the basis of epidemiological and/or animal data. A substance may be further distinguished as: |
Category 1A: | Category 1A, known to have carcinogenic potential for humans, classification is largely based on human evidence, or |
Category 1B: | Category 1B, presumed to have carcinogenic potential for humans, classification is largely based on animal evidence. |
| The classification in Category 1A and 1B is based on strength of evidence together with additional considerations (see section 3.6.2.2). Such evidence may be derived from: human studies that establish a causal relationship between human exposure to a substance and the development of cancer (known human carcinogen); oranimal experiments for which there is sufficient [15] evidence to demonstrate animal carcinogenicity (presumed human carcinogen). |
| In addition, on a case-by-case basis, scientific judgement may warrant a decision of presumed human carcinogenicity derived from studies showing limited evidence of carcinogenicity in humans together with limited evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. |
CATEGORY 2: | Suspected human carcinogens The placing of a substance in Category 2 is done on the basis of evidence obtained from human and/or animal studies, but which is not sufficiently convincing to place the substance in Category 1A or 1B, based on strength of evidence together with additional considerations (see section 3.6.2.2). Such evidence may be derived either from limited [15] evidence of carcinogenicity in human studies or from limited evidence of carcinogenicity in animal studies. |
3.6.2.2. Specific considerations for classification of substances as carcinogens
3.6.2.2.1. Classification as a carcinogen is made on the basis of evidence from reliable and acceptable studies and is intended to be used for substances which have an intrinsic property to cause cancer. The evaluations shall be based on all existing data, peer-reviewed published studies and additional acceptable data.
3.6.2.2.2. Classification of a substance as a carcinogen is a process that involves two interrelated determinations: evaluations of strength of evidence and consideration of all other relevant information to place substances with human cancer potential into hazard categories.
3.6.2.2.3. Strength of evidence involves the enumeration of tumours in human and animal studies and determination of their level of statistical significance. Sufficient human evidence demonstrates causality between human exposure and the development of cancer, whereas sufficient evidence in animals shows a causal relationship between the substance and an increased incidence of tumours. Limited evidence in humans is demonstrated by a positive association between exposure and cancer, but a causal relationship cannot be stated. Limited evidence in animals is provided when data suggest a carcinogenic effect, but are less than sufficient. The terms "sufficient" and "limited" have been used here as they have been defined by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) and read as follows:
(a) Carcinogenicity in humans
The evidence relevant to carcinogenicity from studies in humans is classified into one of the following categories:
- sufficient evidence of carcinogenicity: a causal relationship has been established between exposure to the agent and human cancer. That is, a positive relationship has been observed between the exposure and cancer in studies in which chance, bias and confounding could be ruled out with reasonable confidence;
- limited evidence of carcinogenicity: a positive association has been observed between exposure to the agent and cancer for which a causal interpretation is considered to be credible, but chance, bias or confounding could not be ruled out with reasonable confidence.
(b) Carcinogenicity in experimental animals
Carcinogenicity in experimental animals can be evaluated using conventional bioassays, bioassays that employ genetically modified animals, and other in-vivo bioassays that focus on one or more of the critical stages of carcinogenesis. In the absence of data from conventional long-term bioassays or from assays with neoplasia as the end-point, consistently positive results in several models that address several stages in the multistage process of carcinogenesis should be considered in evaluating the degree of evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. The evidence relevant to carcinogenicity in experimental animals is classified into one of the following categories:
- sufficient evidence of carcinogenicity: a causal relationship has been established between the agent and an increased incidence of malignant neoplasms or of an appropriate combination of benign and malignant neoplasms in (a) two or more species of animals or (b) two or more independent studies in one species carried out at different times or in different laboratories or under different protocols. An increased incidence of tumours in both sexes of a single species in a well-conducted study, ideally conducted under Good Laboratory Practices, can also provide sufficient evidence. A single study in one species and sex might be considered to provide sufficient evidence of carcinogenicity when malignant neoplasms occur to an unusual degree with regard to incidence, site, type of tumour or age at onset, or when there are strong findings of tumours at multiple sites;
- limited evidence of carcinogenicity: the data suggest a carcinogenic effect but are limited for making a definitive evaluation because, e.g. (a) the evidence of carcinogenicity is restricted to a single experiment; (b) there are unresolved questions regarding the adequacy of the design, conduct or interpretation of the studies; (c) the agent increases the incidence only of benign neoplasms or lesions of uncertain neoplastic potential; or (d) the evidence of carcinogenicity is restricted to studies that demonstrate only promoting activity in a narrow range of tissues or organs.
3.6.2.2.4. Additional considerations (as part of the weight of evidence approach (see 1.1.1)). Beyond the determination of the strength of evidence for carcinogenicity, a number of other factors need to be considered that influence the overall likelihood that a substance poses a carcinogenic hazard in humans. The full list of factors that influence this determination would be very lengthy, but some of the more important ones are considered here.
3.6.2.2.5. The factors can be viewed as either increasing or decreasing the level of concern for human carcinogenicity. The relative emphasis accorded to each factor depends upon the amount and coherence of evidence bearing on each. Generally there is a requirement for more complete information to decrease than to increase the level of concern. Additional considerations should be used in evaluating the tumour findings and the other factors in a case-by-case manner.
3.6.2.2.6. Some important factors which may be taken into consideration, when assessing the overall level of concern are:
(a) tumour type and background incidence;
(b) multi-site responses;
(c) progression of lesions to malignancy;
(d) reduced tumour latency;
(e) whether responses are in single or both sexes;
(f) whether responses are in a single species or several species;
(g) structural similarity to a substance(s) for which there is good evidence of carcinogenicity;
(h) routes of exposure;
(i) comparison of absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion between test animals and humans;
(j) the possibility of a confounding effect of excessive toxicity at test doses;
(k) mode of action and its relevance for humans, such as cytotoxicity with growth stimulation, mitogenesis, immunosuppression, mutagenicity.
Mutagenicity: it is recognised that genetic events are central in the overall process of cancer development. Therefore evidence of mutagenic activity in vivo may indicate that a substance has a potential for carcinogenic effects.
3.6.2.2.7. A substance that has not been tested for carcinogenicity may in certain instances be classified in Category 1A, Category 1B or Category 2 based on tumour data from a structural analogue together with substantial support from consideration of other important factors such as formation of common significant metabolites, e.g. for benzidine congener dyes.
3.6.2.2.8. The classification shall take into consideration whether or not the substance is absorbed by a given route(s); or whether there are only local tumours at the site of administration for the tested route(s), and adequate testing by other major route(s) show lack of carcinogenicity.
3.6.2.2.9. It is important that whatever is known of the physico-chemical, toxicokinetic and toxicodynamic properties of the substances, as well as any available relevant information on chemical analogues, i.e. structure activity relationship, is taken into consideration when undertaking classification.
3.6.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.6.3.1. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all ingredients or only for some ingredients of the mixture
3.6.3.1.1. The mixture will be classified as a carcinogen when at least one ingredient has been classified as a Category 1A, Category 1B or Category 2 carcinogen and is present at or above the appropriate generic concentration limit as shown in Table 3.6.2 for Category 1A, Category 1B and Category 2 respectively.
Table 3.6.2
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture classified as carcinogen that trigger classification of the mixture
Ingredient classified as: | Generic concentration limits triggering classification of a mixture as: |
Category 1A carcinogen | Category 1B carcinogen | Category 2 carcinogen |
Category 1A carcinogen | ≥ 0,1 % | — | — |
Category 1B carcinogen | — | ≥ 0,1 % | — |
Category 2 carcinogen | — | — | ≥ 1,0 % [Note 1] |
Note
The concentration limits in the table above apply to solids and liquids (w/w units) as well as gases (v/v units).
Note 1
If a Category 2 carcinogen is present in the mixture as an ingredient at a concentration ≥ 0,1 % a SDS shall be available for the mixture upon request.
3.6.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.6.3.2.1. Classification of mixtures will be based on the available test data for the individual ingredients of the mixture using concentration limits for the ingredients classified as carcinogens. On a case-by-case basis, test data on mixtures may be used for classification when demonstrating effects that have not been established from the evaluation based on the individual ingredients. In such cases, the test results for the mixture as a whole must be shown to be conclusive taking into account dose and other factors such as duration, observations, sensitivity and statistical analysis of carcinogenicity test systems. Adequate documentation supporting the classification shall be retained and made available for review upon request.
3.6.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.6.3.3.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its carcinogenic hazard, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures (subject to paragraph 3.6.3.2.1) to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the applicable bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3.
3.6.4. Hazard Communication
3.6.4.1. Label elements shall be used in accordance with Table 3.6.3, for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class.
Table 3.6.3
Label elements for carcinogenicity
Classification | Category 1A or Category 1B | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H350: May cause cancer (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) | H351: Suspected of causing cancer (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P201 P202 P281 | P201 P202 P281 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P308 + P313 | P308 + P313 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P405 | P405 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 |
3.7. Reproductive toxicity
3.7.1. Definitions and general considerations
3.7.1.1. Reproductive toxicity includes adverse effects on sexual function and fertility in adult males and females, as well as developmental toxicity in the offspring. The definitions presented below are adapted from those agreed as working definitions in IPCS/EHC Document No 225, Principles for Evaluating Health Risks to Reproduction Associated with Exposure to Chemicals. For classification purposes, the known induction of genetically based heritable effects in the offspring is addressed in Germ Cell Mutagenicity (section 3.5), since in the present classification system it is considered more appropriate to address such effects under the separate hazard class of germ cell mutagenicity.
In this classification system, reproductive toxicity is subdivided under two main headings:
(a) adverse effects on sexual function and fertility;
(b) adverse effects on development of the offspring.
Some reproductive toxic effects cannot be clearly assigned to either impairment of sexual function and fertility or to developmental toxicity. Nonetheless, substances with these effects, or mixtures containing them, shall be classified as reproductive toxicants.
3.7.1.2. For the purpose of classification the hazard class Reproductive Toxicity is differentiated into:
- adverse effects
- on sexual function and fertility, or
- on development;
- effects on or via lactation.
3.7.1.3. Adverse effects on sexual function and fertility
Any effect of substances that has the potential to interfere with sexual function and fertility. This includes, but is not limited to, alterations to the female and male reproductive system, adverse effects on onset of puberty, gamete production and transport, reproductive cycle normality, sexual behaviour, fertility, parturition, pregnancy outcomes, premature reproductive senescence, or modifications in other functions that are dependent on the integrity of the reproductive systems.
3.7.1.4. Adverse effects on development of the offspring
Developmental toxicity includes, in its widest sense, any effect which interferes with normal development of the conceptus, either before or after birth, and resulting from exposure of either parent prior to conception, or exposure of the developing offspring during prenatal development, or postnatally, to the time of sexual maturation. However, it is considered that classification under the heading of developmental toxicity is primarily intended to provide a hazard warning for pregnant women, and for men and women of reproductive capacity. Therefore, for pragmatic purposes of classification, developmental toxicity essentially means adverse effects induced during pregnancy, or as a result of parental exposure. These effects can be manifested at any point in the life span of the organism. The major manifestations of developmental toxicity include (1) death of the developing organism, (2) structural abnormality, (3) altered growth, and (4) functional deficiency.
3.7.1.5. Adverse effects on or via lactation are also included in reproductive toxicity, but for classification purposes, such effects are treated separately (see Table 3.7.1 (b)). This is because it is desirable to be able to classify substances specifically for an adverse effect on lactation so that a specific hazard warning about this effect can be provided for lactating mothers.
3.7.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.7.2.1. Hazard categories
3.7.2.1.1. For the purpose of classification for reproductive toxicity, substances are allocated to one of two categories. Within each category, effects on sexual function and fertility, and on development, are considered separately. In addition, effects on lactation are allocated to a separate hazard category.
Table 3.7.1(a)
Hazard categories for reproductive toxicants
Categories | Criteria |
CATEGORY 1 | Known or presumed human reproductive toxicant Substances are classified in Category 1 for reproductive toxicity when they are known to have produced an adverse effect on sexual function and fertility, or on development in humans or when there is evidence from animal studies, possibly supplemented with other information, to provide a strong presumption that the substance has the capacity to interfere with reproduction in humans. The classification of a substance is further distinguished on the basis of whether the evidence for classification is primarily from human data (Category 1A) or from animal data (Category 1B). |
Category 1A | Known human reproductive toxicant The classification of a substance in Category 1A is largely based on evidence from humans. |
Category 1B | Presumed human reproductive toxicant The classification of a substance in Category 1B is largely based on data from animal studies. Such data shall provide clear evidence of an adverse effect on sexual function and fertility or on development in the absence of other toxic effects, or if occurring together with other toxic effects the adverse effect on reproduction is considered not to be a secondary non-specific consequence of other toxic effects. However, when there is mechanistic information that raises doubt about the relevance of the effect for humans, classification in Category 2 may be more appropriate. |
CATEGORY 2 | Suspected human reproductive toxicant Substances are classified in Category 2 for reproductive toxicity when there is some evidence from humans or experimental animals, possibly supplemented with other information, of an adverse effect on sexual function and fertility, or on development, and where the evidence is not sufficiently convincing to place the substance in Category 1. If deficiencies in the study make the quality of evidence less convincing, Category 2 could be the more appropriate classification. Such effects shall have been observed in the absence of other toxic effects, or if occurring together with other toxic effects the adverse effect on reproduction is considered not to be a secondary non-specific consequence of the other toxic effects. |
Table 3.7.1(b)
Hazard category for lactation effects
EFFECTS ON OR VIA LACTATION |
Effects on or via lactation are allocated to a separate single category. It is recognised that for many substances there is no information on the potential to cause adverse effects on the offspring via lactation. However, substances which are absorbed by women and have been shown to interfere with lactation, or which may be present (including metabolites) in breast milk in amounts sufficient to cause concern for the health of a breastfed child, shall be classified and labelled to indicate this property hazardous to breastfed babies. This classification can be assigned on the: (a)human evidence indicating a hazard to babies during the lactation period; and/or(b)results of one or two generation studies in animals which provide clear evidence of adverse effect in the offspring due to transfer in the milk or adverse effect on the quality of the milk; and/or(c)absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion studies that indicate the likelihood that the substance is present in potentially toxic levels in breast milk. |
3.7.2.2. Basis of classification
3.7.2.2.1. Classification is made on the basis of the appropriate criteria, outlined above, and an assessment of the total weight of evidence (see 1.1.1). Classification as a reproductive toxicant is intended to be used for substances which have an intrinsic, specific property to produce an adverse effect on reproduction and substances shall not be so classified if such an effect is produced solely as a non-specific secondary consequence of other toxic effects.
The classification of a substance is derived from the hazard categories in the following order of precedence: Category 1A, Category 1B, Category 2 and the additional Category for effects on or via lactation. If a substance meets the criteria for classification into both of the main categories (for example Category 1B for effects on sexual function and fertility and also Category 2 for development) then both hazard differentiations shall be communicated by the respective hazard statements. Classification in the additional category for effects on or via lactation will be considered irrespective of a classification into Category 1A, Category 1B or Category 2.
3.7.2.2.2. In the evaluation of toxic effects on the developing offspring, it is important to consider the possible influence of maternal toxicity (see section 3.7.2.4).
3.7.2.2.3. For human evidence to provide the primary basis for a Category 1A classification there must be reliable evidence of an adverse effect on reproduction in humans. Evidence used for classification shall ideally be from well conducted epidemiological studies which include the use of appropriate controls, balanced assessment, and due consideration of bias or confounding factors. Less rigorous data from studies in humans shall be supplemented with adequate data from studies in experimental animals and classification in Category 1B shall be considered.
3.7.2.3. Weight of evidence
3.7.2.3.1. Classification as a reproductive toxicant is made on the basis of an assessment of the total weight of evidence, see section 1.1.1. This means that all available information that bears on the determination of reproductive toxicity is considered together, such as epidemiological studies and case reports in humans and specific reproduction studies along with sub-chronic, chronic and special study results in animals that provide relevant information regarding toxicity to reproductive and related endocrine organs. Evaluation of substances chemically related to the substance under study may also be included, particularly when information on the substance is scarce. The weight given to the available evidence will be influenced by factors such as the quality of the studies, consistency of results, nature and severity of effects, the presence of maternal toxicity in experimental animal studies, level of statistical significance for inter-group differences, number of endpoints affected, relevance of route of administration to humans and freedom from bias. Both positive and negative results are assembled together into a weight of evidence determination. A single, positive study performed according to good scientific principles and with statistically or biologically significant positive results may justify classification (see also 3.7.2.2.3).
3.7.2.3.2. Toxicokinetic studies in animals and humans, site of action and mechanism or mode of action study results may provide relevant information which reduces or increases concerns about the hazard to human health. If it is conclusively demonstrated that the clearly identified mechanism or mode of action has no relevance for humans or when the toxicokinetic differences are so marked that it is certain that the hazardous property will not be expressed in humans then a substance which produces an adverse effect on reproduction in experimental animals should not be classified.
3.7.2.3.3. If, in some reproductive toxicity studies in experimental animals the only effects recorded are considered to be of low or minimal toxicological significance, classification may not necessarily be the outcome. These effects include small changes in semen parameters or in the incidence of spontaneous defects in the foetus, small changes in the proportions of common foetal variants such as are observed in skeletal examinations, or in foetal weights, or small differences in postnatal developmental assessments.
3.7.2.3.4. Data from animal studies ideally shall provide clear evidence of specific reproductive toxicity in the absence of other systemic toxic effects. However, if developmental toxicity occurs together with other toxic effects in the dam, the potential influence of the generalised adverse effects shall be assessed to the extent possible. The preferred approach is to consider adverse effects in the embryo/foetus first, and then evaluate maternal toxicity, along with any other factors which are likely to have influenced these effects, as part of the weight of evidence. In general, developmental effects that are observed at maternally toxic doses shall not be automatically discounted. Discounting developmental effects that are observed at maternally toxic doses can only be done on a case-by-case basis when a causal relationship is established or refuted.
3.7.2.3.5. If appropriate information is available it is important to try to determine whether developmental toxicity is due to a specific maternally mediated mechanism or to a non-specific secondary mechanism, like maternal stress and the disruption of homeostasis. Generally, the presence of maternal toxicity shall not be used to negate findings of embryo/foetal effects, unless it can be clearly demonstrated that the effects are secondary non-specific effects. This is especially the case when the effects in the offspring are significant, e.g. irreversible effects such as structural malformations. In some situations it can be assumed that reproductive toxicity is due to a secondary consequence of maternal toxicity and discount the effects, if the substance is so toxic that dams fail to thrive and there is severe inanition, they are incapable of nursing pups; or they are prostrate or dying.
3.7.2.4. Maternal toxicity
3.7.2.4.1. Development of the offspring throughout gestation and during the early postnatal stages can be influenced by toxic effects in the mother either through non-specific mechanisms related to stress and the disruption of maternal homeostasis, or by specific maternally-mediated mechanisms. In the interpretation of the developmental outcome to decide classification for developmental effects it is important to consider the possible influence of maternal toxicity. This is a complex issue because of uncertainties surrounding the relationship between maternal toxicity and developmental outcome. Expert judgement and a weight of evidence approach, using all available studies, shall be used to determine the degree of influence that shall be attributed to maternal toxicity when interpreting the criteria for classification for developmental effects. The adverse effects in the embryo/foetus shall be first considered, and then maternal toxicity, along with any other factors which are likely to have influenced these effects, as weight of evidence, to help reach a conclusion about classification.
3.7.2.4.2. Based on pragmatic observation, maternal toxicity may, depending on severity, influence development via non-specific secondary mechanisms, producing effects such as depressed foetal weight, retarded ossification, and possibly resorptions and certain malformations in some strains of certain species. However, the limited number of studies which have investigated the relationship between developmental effects and general maternal toxicity have failed to demonstrate a consistent, reproducible relationship across species. Developmental effects which occur even in the presence of maternal toxicity are considered to be evidence of developmental toxicity, unless it can be unequivocally demonstrated on a case-by-case basis that the developmental effects are secondary to maternal toxicity. Moreover, classification shall be considered where there is a significant toxic effect in the offspring, e.g. irreversible effects such as structural malformations, embryo/foetal lethality, significant post-natal functional deficiencies.
3.7.2.4.3. Classification shall not automatically be discounted for substances that produce developmental toxicity only in association with maternal toxicity, even if a specific maternally-mediated mechanism has been demonstrated. In such a case, classification in Category 2 may be considered more appropriate than Category 1. However, when a substance is so toxic that maternal death or severe inanition results, or the dams are prostrate and incapable of nursing the pups, it is reasonable to assume that developmental toxicity is produced solely as a secondary consequence of maternal toxicity and discount the developmental effects. Classification is not necessarily the outcome in the case of minor developmental changes, when there is only a small reduction in foetal/pup body weight or retardation of ossification when seen in association with maternal toxicity.
3.7.2.4.4. Some of the end points used to assess maternal effects are provided below. Data on these end points, if available, need to be evaluated in light of their statistical or biological significance and dose response relationship.
Maternal mortality:
an increased incidence of mortality among the treated dams over the controls shall be considered evidence of maternal toxicity if the increase occurs in a dose-related manner and can be attributed to the systemic toxicity of the test material. Maternal mortality greater than 10 % is considered excessive and the data for that dose level shall not normally be considered for further evaluation.
Mating index
(no. animals with seminal plugs or sperm/no. mated × 100) [16]
Fertility index
(no. animals with implants/no. of matings × 100)
Gestation length
(if allowed to deliver)
Body weight and body weight change:
Consideration of the maternal body weight change and/or adjusted (corrected) maternal body weight shall be included in the evaluation of maternal toxicity whenever such data are available. The calculation of an adjusted (corrected) mean maternal body weight change, which is the difference between the initial and terminal body weight minus the gravid uterine weight (or alternatively, the sum of the weights of the foetuses), may indicate whether the effect is maternal or intrauterine. In rabbits, the body weight gain may not be useful indicators of maternal toxicity because of normal fluctuations in body weight during pregnancy.
Food and water consumption (if relevant):
The observation of a significant decrease in the average food or water consumption in treated dams compared to the control group is useful in evaluating maternal toxicity, particularly when the test material is administered in the diet or drinking water. Changes in food or water consumption need to be evaluated in conjunction with maternal body weights when determining if the effects noted are reflective of maternal toxicity or more simply, unpalatability of the test material in feed or water.
Clinical evaluations (including clinical signs, markers, haematology and clinical chemistry studies):
The observation of increased incidence of significant clinical signs of toxicity in treated dams relative to the control group is useful in evaluating maternal toxicity. If this is to be used as the basis for the assessment of maternal toxicity, the types, incidence, degree and duration of clinical signs shall be reported in the study. Clinical signs of maternal intoxication include: coma, prostration, hyperactivity, loss of righting reflex, ataxia, or laboured breathing.
Post-mortem data:
Increased incidence and/or severity of post-mortem findings may be indicative of maternal toxicity. This can include gross or microscopic pathological findings or organ weight data, including absolute organ weight, organ-to-body weight ratio, or organ-to-brain weight ratio. When supported by findings of adverse histopathological effects in the affected organ(s), the observation of a significant change in the average weight of suspected target organ(s) of treated dams, compared to those in the control group, may be considered evidence of maternal toxicity.
3.7.2.5. Animal and experimental data
3.7.2.5.1. A number of internationally accepted test methods are available; these include methods for developmental toxicity testing (e.g. OECD Test Guideline 414), and methods for one or two-generation toxicity testing (e.g. OECD Test Guidelines 415, 416).
3.7.2.5.2. Results obtained from Screening Tests (e.g. OECD Guidelines 421 — Reproduction/Developmental Toxicity Screening Test, and 422 — Combined Repeated Dose Toxicity Study with Reproduction/Development Toxicity Screening Test) can also be used to justify classification, although it is recognised that the quality of this evidence is less reliable than that obtained through full studies.
3.7.2.5.3. Adverse effects or changes, seen in short- or long-term repeated dose toxicity studies, which are judged likely to impair reproductive function and which occur in the absence of significant generalised toxicity, may be used as a basis for classification, e.g. histopathological changes in the gonads.
3.7.2.5.4. Evidence from in vitro assays, or non-mammalian tests, and from analogous substances using structure-activity relationship (SAR), can contribute to the procedure for classification. In all cases of this nature, expert judgement must be used to assess the adequacy of the data. Inadequate data shall not be used as a primary support for classification.
3.7.2.5.5. It is preferable that animal studies are conducted using appropriate routes of administration which relate to the potential route of human exposure. However, in practice, reproductive toxicity studies are commonly conducted using the oral route, and such studies will normally be suitable for evaluating the hazardous properties of the substance with respect to reproductive toxicity. However, if it can be conclusively demonstrated that the clearly identified mechanism or mode of action has no relevance for humans or when the toxicokinetic differences are so marked that it is certain that the hazardous property will not be expressed in humans then a substance which produces an adverse effect on reproduction in experimental animals shall not be classified.
3.7.2.5.6. Studies involving routes of administration such as intravenous or intraperitoneal injection, which result in exposure of the reproductive organs to unrealistically high levels of the test substance, or elicit local damage to the reproductive organs, including irritation, must be interpreted with extreme caution and on their own are not normally the basis for classification.
3.7.2.5.7. There is general agreement about the concept of a limit dose, above which the production of an adverse effect is considered to be outside the criteria which lead to classification, but not regarding the inclusion within the criteria of a specific dose as a limit dose. However, some guidelines for test methods, specify a limit dose, others qualify the limit dose with a statement that higher doses may be necessary if anticipated human exposure is sufficiently high that an adequate margin of exposure is not achieved. Also, due to species differences in toxicokinetics, establishing a specific limit dose may not be adequate for situations where humans are more sensitive than the animal model.
3.7.2.5.8. In principle, adverse effects on reproduction seen only at very high dose levels in animal studies (for example doses that induce prostration, severe inappetence, excessive mortality) would not normally lead to classification, unless other information is available, e.g. toxicokinetics information indicating that humans may be more susceptible than animals, to suggest that classification is appropriate. Please also refer to the section on maternal toxicity (3.7.2.4) for further guidance in this area.
3.7.2.5.9. However, specification of the actual "limit dose" will depend upon the test method that has been employed to provide the test results, e.g. in the OECD Test Guideline for repeated dose toxicity studies by the oral route, an upper dose of 1000 mg/kg has been recommended as a limit dose, unless expected human response indicates the need for a higher dose level.
3.7.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.7.3.1. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all ingredients or only for some ingredients of the mixture
3.7.3.1.1. The mixture shall be classified as a reproductive toxicant when at least one ingredient has been classified as a Category 1A, Category 1B or Category 2 reproductive toxicant and is present at or above the appropriate generic concentration limit as shown in Table 3.7.2 for Category 1A, Category 1B and Category 2 respectively.
3.7.3.1.2. The mixture shall be classified for effects on or via lactation when at least one ingredient has been classified for effects on or via lactation and is present at or above the appropriate generic concentration limit as shown in Table 3.7.2 for the additional category for effects on or via lactation.
Table 3.7.2
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture classified as reproduction toxicants or for effects on or via lactation that trigger classification of the mixture
Ingredient classified as: | Generic concentration limits triggering classification of a mixture as: |
Category 1A reproductive toxicant | Category 1B reproductive toxicant | Category 2 reproductive toxicant | Additional category for effects on or via lactation |
Category 1A reproductive toxicant | ≥ 0,3 % [Note 1] | | | |
Category 1B reproductive toxicant | | ≥ 0,3 % [Note 1] | | |
Category 2 reproductive toxicant | | | ≥ 3,0 % [Note 1] | |
Additional category for effects on or via lactation | | | | ≥ 0,3 % [Note 1] |
Note
The concentration limits in the table above apply to solids and liquids (w/w units) as well as gases (v/v units).
Note 1
If a Category 1 or Category 2 reproductive toxicant or a substance classified for effects on or via lactation is present in the mixture as an ingredient at a concentration above 0,1 %, a SDS shall be available for the mixture upon request.
3.7.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.7.3.2.1. Classification of mixtures will be based on the available test data for the individual ingredients of the mixture using concentration limits for the ingredients of the mixture. On a case-by-case basis, test data on mixtures may be used for classification when demonstrating effects that have not been established from the evaluation based on the individual components. In such cases, the test results for the mixture as a whole must be shown to be conclusive taking into account dose and other factors such as duration, observations, sensitivity and statistical analysis of reproduction test systems. Adequate documentation supporting the classification shall be retained and made available for review upon request.
3.7.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.7.3.3.1. Subject to paragraph 3.7.3.2.1, where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its reproductive toxicity, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the applicable bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3.
3.7.4. Hazard Communication
3.7.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 3.7.3
Table 3.7.3
Label elements for reproductive toxicity
Classification | Category 1A or Category 1B | Category 2 | Additional category for effects on or via lactation |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | No pictogram |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning | No signal word |
Hazard Statement | H360: May damage fertility or the unborn child (state specific effect if known)(state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) | H361: Suspected of damaging fertility or the unborn child (state specific effect if known) (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) | H362: May cause harm to breast-fed children. |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P201 P202 P281 | P201 P202 P281 | P201 P260 P263 P264 P270 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P308 + P313 | P308 + P313 | P308 + P313 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P405 | P405 | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | |
3.8. Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure
3.8.1. Definitions and general considerations
3.8.1.1. Specific target organ toxicity (single exposure) is defined as specific, non lethal target organ toxicity arising from a single exposure to a substance or mixture. All significant health effects that can impair function, both reversible and irreversible, immediate and/or delayed and not specifically addressed in sections 3.1 to 3.7 and 3.10 are included (see also 3.8.1.6).
3.8.1.2. Classification identifies the substance or mixture as being a specific target organ toxicant and, as such, it may present a potential for adverse health effects in people who are exposed to it.
3.8.1.3. These adverse health effects produced by a single exposure include consistent and identifiable toxic effects in humans, or, in experimental animals, toxicologically significant changes which have affected the function or morphology of a tissue/organ, or have produced serious changes to the biochemistry or haematology of the organism, and these changes are relevant for human health.
3.8.1.4. Assessment shall take into consideration not only significant changes in a single organ or biological system but also generalised changes of a less severe nature involving several organs.
3.8.1.5. Specific target organ toxicity can occur by any route that is relevant for humans, i.e. principally oral, dermal or inhalation.
3.8.1.6. Specific target organ toxicity following a repeated exposure is classified as described in Specific target organ toxicity — Repeated exposure (section 3.9) and is therefore excluded from section 3.8. Other specific toxic effects, listed below, are assessed separately and consequently are not included here:
(a) Acute toxicity (section 3.1);
(b) Skin corrosion/irritation (section 3.2);
(c) Serious eye damage/eye irritation (section 3.3);
(d) Respiratory or skin sensitisation (section 3.4);
(e) Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5);
(f) Carcinogenicity (section 3.6);
(g) Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7); and
(h) Aspiration toxicity (section 3.10).
3.8.1.7. The hazard class Specific Target Organ Toxicity — Single Exposure is differentiated into:
- Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure, Category 1 and 2;
- Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure, Category 3.
See Table 3.8.1.
Table 3.8.1
Categories for specific target organ toxicity-single exposure
Note: Attempts shall be made to determine the primary target organ of toxicity and to classify for that purpose, such as hepatotoxicants, neurotoxicants. The data shall be carefully evaluated and, where possible, secondary effects should not be included (e.g. a hepatotoxicant can produce secondary effects in the nervous or gastro-intestinal systems).
Categories | Criteria |
Category 1 | Substances that have produced significant toxicity in humans or that, on the basis of evidence from studies in experimental animals, can be presumed to have the potential to produce significant toxicity in humans following single exposure Substances are classified in Category 1 for specific target organ toxicity (single exposure) on the basis of: (a)reliable and good quality evidence from human cases or epidemiological studies; or(b)observations from appropriate studies in experimental animals in which significant and/or severe toxic effects of relevance to human health were produced at generally low exposure concentrations. Guidance dose/concentration values are provided below (see 3.8.2.1.9) to be used as part of weight-of-evidence evaluation. |
Category 2 | Substances that, on the basis of evidence from studies in experimental animals can be presumed to have the potential to be harmful to human health following single exposure Substances are classified in Category 2 for specific target organ toxicity (single exposure) on the basis of observations from appropriate studies in experimental animals in which significant toxic effects, of relevance to human health, were produced at generally moderate exposure concentrations. Guidance dose/concentration values are provided below (see 3.8.2.1.9) in order to help in classification. In exceptional cases, human evidence can also be used to place a substance in Category 2 (see 3.8.2.1.6). |
Category 3 | Transient target organ effects This category only includes narcotic effects and respiratory tract irritation. These are target organ effects for which a substance does not meet the criteria to be classified in Categories 1 or 2 indicated above. These are effects which adversely alter human function for a short duration after exposure and from which humans may recover in a reasonable period without leaving significant alteration of structure or function. Substances are classified specifically for these effects as laid down in 3.8.2.2. |
3.8.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.8.2.1. Substances of Category 1 and Category 2
3.8.2.1.1. Substances are classified for immediate or delayed effects separately, by the use of expert judgement (see 1.1.1) on the basis of the weight of all evidence available, including the use of recommended guidance values (see 3.8.2.1.9). Substances are then placed in Category 1 or 2, depending upon the nature and severity of the effect(s) observed (Table 3.8.1).
3.8.2.1.2. The relevant route or routes of exposure by which the classified substance produces damage shall be identified (see 3.8.1.5).
3.8.2.1.3. Classification is determined by expert judgement (see section 1.1.1), on the basis of the weight of all evidence available including the guidance presented below.
3.8.2.1.4. Weight of evidence of all data (see section 1.1.1), including human incidents, epidemiology, and studies conducted in experimental animals, is used to substantiate specific target organ toxic effects that merit classification.
3.8.2.1.5. The information required to evaluate specific target organ toxicity comes either from single exposure in humans, such as: exposure at home, in the workplace or environmentally, or from studies conducted in experimental animals. The standard animal studies in rats or mice that provide this information are acute toxicity studies which can include clinical observations and detailed macroscopic and microscopic examination to enable the toxic effects on target tissues/organs to be identified. Results of acute toxicity studies conducted in other species may also provide relevant information.
3.8.2.1.6. In exceptional cases, based on expert judgement, it is appropriate to place certain substances with human evidence of target organ toxicity in Category 2:
(a) when the weight of human evidence is not sufficiently convincing to warrant Category 1 classification, and/or
(b) based on the nature and severity of effects.
Dose/concentration levels in humans shall not be considered in the classification and any available evidence from animal studies shall be consistent with the Category 2 classification. In other words, if there are also animal data available on the substance that warrant Category 1 classification, the substance shall be classified as Category 1.
3.8.2.1.7. Effects considered to support classification for Category 1 and 2
3.8.2.1.7.1. Classification is supported by evidence associating single exposure to the substance with a consistent and identifiable toxic effect.
3.8.2.1.7.2. Evidence from human experience/incidents is usually restricted to reports of adverse health consequence, often with uncertainty about exposure conditions, and may not provide the scientific detail that can be obtained from well-conducted studies in experimental animals.
3.8.2.1.7.3. Evidence from appropriate studies in experimental animals can furnish much more detail, in the form of clinical observations, and macroscopic and microscopic pathological examination, and this can often reveal hazards that may not be life-threatening but could indicate functional impairment. Consequently all available evidence, and relevance to human health, must be taken into consideration in the classification process, including but not limited to the following effects in humans and/or animals:
(a) morbidity resulting from single exposure;
(b) significant functional changes, more than transient in nature, in the respiratory system, central or peripheral nervous systems, other organs or other organ systems, including signs of central nervous system depression and effects on special senses (such as sight, hearing and sense of smell);
(c) any consistent and significant adverse change in clinical biochemistry, haematology, or urinalysis parameters;
(d) significant organ damage noted at necropsy and/or subsequently seen or confirmed at microscopic examination;
(e) multi-focal or diffuse necrosis, fibrosis or granuloma formation in vital organs with regenerative capacity;
(f) morphological changes that are potentially reversible but provide clear evidence of marked organ dysfunction;
(g) evidence of appreciable cell death (including cell degeneration and reduced cell number) in vital organs incapable of regeneration.
3.8.2.1.8. Effects considered not to support classification for Category 1 and 2
It is recognised that effects may be seen that does not justify classification. Such effects in humans and/or animals include, but are not limited to:
(a) clinical observations or small changes in bodyweight gain, food consumption or water intake that may have some toxicological importance but that do not, by themselves, indicate "significant" toxicity;
(b) small changes in clinical biochemistry, haematology or urinalysis parameters and/or transient effects, when such changes or effects are of doubtful or minimal toxicological importance;
(c) changes in organ weights with no evidence of organ dysfunction;
(d) adaptive responses that are not considered toxicologically relevant;
(e) substance-induced species-specific mechanisms of toxicity, i.e. demonstrated with reasonable certainty to be not relevant for human health, shall not justify classification.
3.8.2.1.9. Guidance values to assist with classification based on the results obtained from studies conducted in experimental animals for Category 1 and 2
3.8.2.1.9.1. In order to help reach a decision about whether a substance shall be classified or not, and to what degree it shall be classified (Category 1 or Category 2), dose/concentration "guidance values" are provided for consideration of the dose/concentration which has been shown to produce significant health effects. The principal argument for proposing such guidance values is that all substances are potentially toxic and there has to be a reasonable dose/concentration above which a degree of toxic effect is acknowledged.
3.8.2.1.9.2. Thus, in animal studies, when significant toxic effects are observed that indicate classification, consideration of the dose/concentration at which these effects were seen, in relation to the suggested guidance values, provides useful information to help assess the need to classify (since the toxic effects are a consequence of the hazardous property(ies) and also the dose/concentration).
3.8.2.1.9.3. The guidance value (C) ranges for single-dose exposure which has produced a significant non-lethal toxic effect are those applicable to acute toxicity testing, as indicated in Table 3.8.2.
Table 3.8.2
Guidance value ranges for single-dose exposures a
| Guidance value ranges for: |
Route of exposure | Units | Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 |
Oral (rat) | mg/kg body weight | C ≤ 300 | 2000 ≥ C > 300 | Guidance values do not apply b |
Dermal (rat or rabbit) | mg/kg body weight | C ≤ 1000 | 2000 ≥ C > 1000 |
Inhalation (rat) gas | ppmV/4h | C ≤ 2500 | 20000 ≥ C > 2500 |
Inhalation (rat) vapour | mg/l/4h | C ≤ 10 | 20 ≥ C > 10 |
Inhalation (rat) dust/mist/fume | mg/l/4h | C ≤ 1,0 | 5,0 ≥ C > 1,0 |
Note
(a) The guidance values and ranges mentioned in Table 3.8.2 are intended only for guidance purposes, i.e. to be used as part of the weight of evidence approach, and to assist with decision about classification. They are not intended as strict demarcation values.
(b) Guidance values are not provided for Category 3 substances since this classification is primarily based on human data. Animal data, if available, shall be included in the weight of evidence evaluation.
3.8.2.1.10. Other considerations
3.8.2.1.10.1. When a substance is characterised only by use of animal data (typical of new substances, but also true for many existing substances), the classification process includes reference to dose/concentration guidance values as one of the elements that contribute to the weight of evidence approach.
3.8.2.1.10.2. When well-substantiated human data are available showing a specific target organ toxic effect that can be reliably attributed to single exposure to a substance, the substance shall normally be classified. Positive human data, regardless of probable dose, predominates over animal data. Thus, if a substance is unclassified because specific target organ toxicity observed was considered not relevant or significant to humans, if subsequent human incident data become available showing a specific target organ toxic effect, the substance shall be classified.
3.8.2.1.10.3. A substance that has not been tested for specific target organ toxicity may, where appropriate, be classified on the basis of data from a validated structure activity relationship and expert judgement-based extrapolation from a structural analogue that has previously been classified together with substantial support from consideration of other important factors such as formation of common significant metabolites.
3.8.2.1.10.4. Saturated vapour concentration shall be considered, where appropriate, as an additional element to provide for specific health and safety protection
3.8.2.2. Substances of Category 3: Transient target organ effects
3.8.2.2.1. Criteria for respiratory tract irritation
The criteria for classifying substances as Category 3 for respiratory tract irritation are:
(a) respiratory irritant effects (characterised by localised redness, oedema, pruritis and/or pain) that impair function with symptoms such as cough, pain, choking, and breathing difficulties are included. This evaluation will be based primarily on human data;
(b) subjective human observations could be supported by objective measurements of clear respiratory tract irritation (RTI) (such as electrophysiological responses, biomarkers of inflammation in nasal or bronchoalveolar lavage fluids);
(c) the symptoms observed in humans shall also be typical of those that would be produced in the exposed population rather than being an isolated idiosyncratic reaction or response triggered only in individuals with hypersensitive airways. Ambiguous reports simply of "irritation" shall be excluded as this term is commonly used to describe a wide range of sensations including those such as smell, unpleasant taste, a tickling sensation, and dryness, which are outside the scope of classification for respiratory irritation;
(d) there are currently no validated animal tests that deal specifically with RTI, however, useful information may be obtained from the single and repeated inhalation toxicity tests. For example, animal studies may provide useful information in terms of clinical signs of toxicity (dyspnoea, rhinitis etc) and histopathology (e.g. hyperemia, edema, minimal inflammation, thickened mucous layer) which are reversible and may be reflective of the characteristic clinical symptoms described above. Such animal studies can be used as part of weight of evidence evaluation;
(e) this special classification would occur only when more severe organ effects including in the respiratory system are not observed.
3.8.2.2.2 Criteria for narcotic effects
The criteria for classifying substances as Category 3 for narcotic effects are:
(a) central nervous system depression including narcotic effects in humans such as drowsiness, narcosis, reduced alertness, loss of reflexes, lack of coordination, and vertigo are included. These effects can also be manifested as severe headache or nausea, and can lead to reduced judgment, dizziness, irritability, fatigue, impaired memory function, deficits in perception and coordination, reaction time, or sleepiness;
(b) narcotic effects observed in animal studies may include lethargy, lack of coordination, loss of righting reflex, and ataxia. If these effects are not transient in nature, then they shall be considered to support classification for Category 1 or 2 specific target organ toxicity single exposure.
3.8.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.8.3.1. Mixtures are classified using the same criteria as for substances, or alternatively as described below. As with substances, mixtures shall be classified for specific target organ toxicity following single exposure.
3.8.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.8.3.2.1. When reliable and good quality evidence from human experience or appropriate studies in experimental animals, as described in the criteria for substances, is available for the mixture, then the mixture shall be classified by weight of evidence evaluation of these data (see 1.1.1.4). Care shall be exercised in evaluating data on mixtures, that the dose, duration, observation or analysis, do not render the results inconclusive.
3.8.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.8.3.3.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its specific target organ toxicity, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the bridging principles set out in section 1.1.3.
3.8.3.4. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all components or only for some components of the mixture
3.8.3.4.1. Where there is no reliable evidence or test data for the specific mixture itself, and the bridging principles cannot be used to enable classification, then classification of the mixture is based on the classification of the ingredient substances. In this case, the mixture shall be classified as a specific target organ toxicant (specific organ specified), following single exposure, when at least one ingredient has been classified as a Category 1 or Category 2 specific target organ toxicant and is present at or above the appropriate generic concentration limit as mentioned in Table 3.8.3 for Category 1 and 2 respectively.
3.8.3.4.2. These generic concentration limits and consequent classifications shall be applied appropriately to single-dose specific target organ toxicants.
3.8.3.4.3. Mixtures shall be classified for either or both single- and repeated-dose toxicity independently.
Table 3.8.3
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture classified as a specific target organ toxicant that trigger classification of the mixture as Category 1 or 2
Ingredient classified as: | Generic concentration limits triggering classification of the mixture as: |
Category 1 | Category 2 |
Category 1 Specific Target Organ Toxicant | Concentration ≥ 10 % | 1,0 % ≤ concentration Category 2 Specific Target Organ Toxicant | | Concentration ≥ 10 % [(Note 1)] |
Note 1
If a Category 2 specific target organ toxicant is present in the mixture as an ingredient at a concentration ≥ 1,0 % a SDS shall be available for the mixture upon request.
3.8.3.4.4. Care shall be exercised when toxicants affecting more than one organ system are combined that the potentiation or synergistic interactions are considered, because certain substances can cause target organ toxicity at 3.8.3.4.5. Care shall be exercised when extrapolating toxicity of a mixture that contains Category 3 ingredient(s). A generic concentration limit of 20 % is appropriate; however, it shall be recognised that this concentration limit may be higher or lower depending on the Category 3 ingredient(s) and that some effects such as respiratory tract irritation may not occur below a certain concentration while other effects such as narcotic effects may occur below this 20 % value. Expert judgement shall be exercised.
3.8.4. Hazard Communication
3.8.4.1 Label elements shall be used in accordance with Table 3.8.4., for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class.
Table 3.8.4
Label elements for specific target organ toxicity after single exposure
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | |
Signal Word | Danger | Warning | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H370: Causes damage to organs (or state all organs affected, if known) (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) | H371: May cause damage to organs (or state all organs affected, if known) (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) | H335: May cause respiratory irritation; or H336: May cause drowsiness or dizziness |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P260 P264 P270 | P260 P264 P270 | P261 P271 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P307 + P311 P321 | P309 + P311 | P304 + P340 P312 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P405 | P405 | P403 + P233 P405 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 |
3.9. Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure
3.9.1. Definitions and general considerations
3.9.1.1. Target organ toxicity (repeated exposure) means specific, target organ toxicity arising from a repeated exposure to a substance or mixture. All significant health effects that can impair function, both reversible and irreversible, immediate and/or delayed are included. However, other specific toxic effects that are specifically addressed in sections 3.1 to 3.8 and 3.10 are not included here.
3.9.1.2. Classification for target organ toxicity (repeated exposure) identifies the substance as being a specific target organ toxicant and, as such, it may present a potential for adverse health effects in people who are exposed to it.
3.9.1.3. These adverse health effects include consistent and identifiable toxic effects in humans, or, in experimental animals, toxicologically significant changes which have affected the function or morphology of a tissue/organ, or have produced serious changes to the biochemistry or haematology of the organism and these changes are relevant for human health.
3.9.1.4. Assessment shall take into consideration not only significant changes in a single organ or biological system but also generalised changes of a less severe nature involving several organs.
3.9.1.5. Specific target organ toxicity can occur by any route that is relevant for humans, i.e. principally oral, dermal or inhalation.
3.9.1.6. Non-lethal toxic effects observed after a single-event exposure are classified as described in Specific target organ toxicity — Single exposure (section 3.8) and are therefore excluded from section 3.9.
3.9.2. Classification criteria for substances
3.9.2.1. Substances are classified as specific target organ toxicants following repeated exposure by the use of expert judgement (see 1.1.1), on the basis of the weight of all evidence available, including the use of recommended guidance values which take into account the duration of exposure and the dose/concentration which produced the effect(s), (see 3.9.2.9), and are placed in one of two categories, depending upon the nature and severity of the effect(s) observed (Table 3.9.1).
Table 3.9.1
Categories for specific target organ toxicity-repeated exposure
Categories | Criteria |
Category 1 | Substances that have produced significant toxicity in humans or that, on the basis of evidence from studies in experimental animals, can be presumed to have the potential to produce significant toxicity in humans following repeated exposure. Substances are classified in Category 1 for target organ toxicity (repeat exposure) on the basis of: reliable and good quality evidence from human cases or epidemiological studies; orobservations from appropriate studies in experimental animals in which significant and/or severe toxic effects, of relevance to human health, were produced at generally low exposure concentrations. Guidance dose/concentration values are provided below (see 3.9.2.9), to be used as part of a weight-of- evidence evaluation. |
Category 2 | Substances that, on the basis of evidence from studies in experimental animals can be presumed to have the potential to be harmful to human health following repeated exposure. Substances are classified in category 2 for target organ toxicity (repeat exposure) on the basis of observations from appropriate studies in experimental animals in which significant toxic effects, of relevance to human health, were produced at generally moderate exposure concentrations. Guidance dose/concentration values are provided below (see 3.9.2.9) in order to help in classification. In exceptional cases human evidence can also be used to place a substance in Category 2 (see 3.9.2.6). |
Note
Attempts shall be made to determine the primary target organ of toxicity and classify for that purpose, such as hepatotoxicants, neurotoxicants. One shall carefully evaluate the data and, where possible, not include secondary effects (a hepatotoxicant can produce secondary effects in the nervous or gastro-intestinal systems).
3.9.2.2. The relevant route or routes of exposure by which the classified substance produces damage shall be identified.
3.9.2.3. Classification is determined by expert judgement (see section 1.1.1), on the basis of the weight of all evidence available including the guidance presented below.
3.9.2.4. Weight of evidence of all data (see section 1.1.1), including human incidents, epidemiology, and studies conducted in experimental animals, is used to substantiate specific target organ toxic effects that merit classification. This taps the considerable body of industrial toxicology data collected over the years. Evaluation shall be based on all existing data, including peer-reviewed published studies and additional acceptable data.
3.9.2.5. The information required to evaluate specific target organ toxicity comes either from repeated exposure in humans, such as exposure at home, in the workplace or environmentally, or from studies conducted in experimental animals. The standard animal studies in rats or mice that provide this information are 28 day, 90 day or lifetime studies (up to 2 years) that include haematological, clinicochemical and detailed macroscopic and microscopic examination to enable the toxic effects on target tissues/organs to be identified. Data from repeat dose studies performed in other species shall also be used, if available. Other long-term exposure studies, such as on carcinogenicity, neurotoxicity or reproductive toxicity, may also provide evidence of specific target organ toxicity that could be used in the assessment of classification.
3.9.2.6. In exceptional cases, based on expert judgement, it is appropriate to place certain substances with human evidence of specific target organ toxicity in Category 2:
(a) when the weight of human evidence is not sufficiently convincing to warrant Category 1 classification; and/or
(b) based on the nature and severity of effects.
Dose/concentration levels in humans shall not be considered in the classification and any available evidence from animal studies shall be consistent with the Category 2 classification. In other words, if there are also animal data available on the substance that warrant Category 1 classification, the substance shall be classified as Category 1.
3.9.2.7. Effects considered to support classification for specific target organ toxicity following repeated exposure
3.9.2.7.1. Reliable evidence associating repeated exposure to the substance with a consistent and identifiable toxic effect demonstrates support for the classification.
3.9.2.7.2. Evidence from human experience/incidents is usually restricted to reports of adverse health consequence, often with uncertainty about exposure conditions, and may not provide the scientific detail that can be obtained from well-conducted studies in experimental animals.
3.9.2.7.3. Evidence from appropriate studies in experimental animals can furnish much more detail, in the form of clinical observations, haematology, clinical chemistry, and macroscopic and microscopic pathological examination, and this can often reveal hazards that may not be life-threatening but could indicate functional impairment. Consequently all available evidence, and relevance to human health, shall be taken into consideration in the classification process, including but not limited to the following toxic effects in humans and/or animals:
(a) morbidity or death resulting from repeated or long-term exposure. Morbidity or death may result from repeated exposure, even to relatively low doses/concentrations, due to bioaccumulation of the substance or its metabolites, and/or due to the overwhelming of the de-toxification process by repeated exposure to the substance or its metabolites;
(b) significant functional changes in the central or peripheral nervous systems or other organ systems, including signs of central nervous system depression and effects on special senses (e.g. sight, hearing and sense of smell);
(c) any consistent and significant adverse change in clinical biochemistry, haematology, or urinalysis parameters;
(d) significant organ damage noted at necropsy and/or subsequently seen or confirmed at microscopic examination;
(e) multi-focal or diffuse necrosis, fibrosis or granuloma formation in vital organs with regenerative capacity;
(f) morphological changes that are potentially reversible but provide clear evidence of marked organ dysfunction (e.g., severe fatty change in the liver);
(g) evidence of appreciable cell death (including cell degeneration and reduced cell number) in vital organs incapable of regeneration.
3.9.2.8. Effects considered not to support classification for specific target organ toxicity following repeated exposure
3.9.2.8.1. It is recognised that effects may be seen in humans and/or animals that do not justify classification. Such effects include, but are not limited to:
(a) clinical observations or small changes in bodyweight gain, food consumption or water intake that have toxicological importance but that do not, by themselves, indicate "significant" toxicity;
(b) small changes in clinical biochemistry, haematology or urinalysis parameters and/or transient effects, when such changes or effects are of doubtful or minimal toxicological importance;
(c) changes in organ weights with no evidence of organ dysfunction;
(d) adaptive responses that are not considered toxicologically relevant;
(e) substance-induced species-specific mechanisms of toxicity, i.e. demonstrated with reasonable certainty to be not relevant for human health, shall not justify classification.
3.9.2.9. Guidance values to assist with classification based on the results obtained from studies conducted in experimental animals
3.9.2.9.1. In studies conducted in experimental animals, reliance on observation of effects alone, without reference to the duration of experimental exposure and dose/concentration, omits a fundamental concept of toxicology, i.e. all substances are potentially toxic, and what determines the toxicity is a function of the dose/concentration and the duration of exposure. In most studies conducted in experimental animals the test guidelines use an upper limit dose value.
3.9.2.9.2. In order to help reach a decision about whether a substance shall be classified or not, and to what degree it shall be classified (Category 1 or Category 2), dose/concentration "guidance values" are provided for consideration of the dose/concentration which has been shown to produce significant health effects. The principal argument for proposing such guidance values is that all substances are potentially toxic and there has to be a reasonable dose/concentration above which a degree of toxic effect is acknowledged. Also, repeated-dose studies conducted in experimental animals are designed to produce toxicity at the highest dose used in order to optimise the test objective and so most studies will reveal some toxic effect at least at this highest dose. What is therefore to be decided is not only what effects have been produced, but also at what dose/concentration they were produced and how relevant is that for humans.
3.9.2.9.3. Thus, in animal studies, when significant toxic effects are observed that indicate classification, consideration of the duration of experimental exposure and the dose/concentration at which these effects were seen, in relation to the suggested guidance values, can provide useful information to help assess the need to classify (since the toxic effects are a consequence of the hazardous property(ies) and also the duration of exposure and the dose/concentration).
3.9.2.9.4. The decision to classify at all can be influenced by reference to the dose/concentration guidance values at or below which a significant toxic effect has been observed.
3.9.2.9.5. The guidance values refer to effects seen in a standard 90-day toxicity study conducted in rats. They can be used as a basis to extrapolate equivalent guidance values for toxicity studies of greater or lesser duration, using dose/exposure time extrapolation similar to Haber's rule for inhalation, which states essentially that the effective dose is directly proportional to the exposure concentration and the duration of exposure. The assessment shall be done on a case-by-case basis; for a 28-day study the guidance values below is increased by a factor of three.
3.9.2.9.6. Thus classification in Category 1 is applicable, when significant toxic effects observed in a 90-day repeated-dose study conducted in experimental animals are seen to occur at or below the guidance values (C) as indicated in Table 3.9.2:
Table 3.9.2
Guidance values to assist in Category 1 classification
Route of exposure | Units | Guidance values (dose/concentration) |
Oral (rat) | mg/kg body weight/day | C ≤ 10 |
Dermal (rat or rabbit) | mg/kg body weight/day | C ≤ 20 |
Inhalation (rat)gas | ppmV/6h/day | C ≤ 50 |
Inhalation (rat)vapour | mg/litre/6h/day | C ≤ 0,2 |
Inhalation (rat) dust/mist/fume | mg/litre/6h/day | C ≤ 0,02 |
3.9.2.9.7. Classification in Category 2 is applicable, when significant toxic effects observed in a 90-day repeated-dose study conducted in experimental animals are seen to occur within the guidance value ranges as indicated in Table 3.9.3:
Table 3.9.3
Guidance values to assist in Category 2 classification
Route of Exposure | Units | Guidance Value Ranges: (dose/concentration) |
Oral (rat) | mg/kg body weight/day | 10 Dermal (rat or rabbit) | mg/kg body weight/day | 20 Inhalation (rat) gas | ppmV/6h/day | 50 Inhalation (rat)vapour | mg/litre/6h/day | 0,2 Inhalation (rat) dust/mist/fume | mg/litre/6h/day | 0,02 3.9.2.9.8. The guidance values and ranges mentioned in paragraphs 3.9.2.9.6 and 3.9.2.9.7 are intended only for guidance purposes, i.e. to be used as part of the weight of evidence approach, and to assist with decisions about classification. They are not intended as strict demarcation values.
3.9.2.9.9. Thus it is feasible that a specific profile of toxicity occurs in repeat-dose animal studies at a dose/concentration below the guidance value, such as 3.9.2.10. Other considerations
3.9.2.10.1. When a substance is characterised only by use of animal data (typical of new substances, but also true for many existing substances), the classification process includes reference to dose/concentration guidance values as one of the elements that contribute to the weight of evidence approach.
3.9.2.10.2. When well-substantiated human data are available showing a specific target organ toxic effect that can be reliably attributed to repeated or prolonged exposure to a substance, the substance shall normally be classified. Positive human data, regardless of probable dose, predominates over animal data. Thus, if a substance is unclassified because no specific target organ toxicity was seen at or below the dose/concentration guidance value for animal testing, if subsequent human incident data become available showing a specific target organ toxic effect, the substance shall be classified.
3.9.2.10.3. A substance that has not been tested for specific target organ toxicity may, where appropriate, be classified on the basis of data from a validated structure activity relationship and expert judgement-based extrapolation from a structural analogue that has previously been classified together with substantial support from consideration of other important factors such as formation of common significant metabolites.
3.9.2.10.4. Saturated vapour concentration shall be considered, where appropriate, as an additional element to provide for specific health and safety protection
3.9.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.9.3.1. Mixtures are classified using the same criteria as for substances, or alternatively as described below. As with substances, mixtures shall be classified for specific target organ toxicity following repeated exposure.
3.9.3.2. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
3.9.3.2.1. When reliable and good quality evidence from human experience or appropriate studies in experimental animals, as described in the criteria for substances, is available for the mixture (see 1.1.1.4), then the mixture shall be classified by weight of evidence evaluation of these data. Care shall be exercised in evaluating data on mixtures, that the dose, duration, observation or analysis, do not render the results inconclusive.
3.9.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.9.3.3.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its specific target organ toxicity, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the bridging principles set out in section 1.1.3.
3.9.3.4. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all components or only for some components of the mixture
3.9.3.4.1. Where there is no reliable evidence or test data for the specific mixture itself, and the bridging principles cannot be used to enable classification, then classification of the mixture is based on the classification of the ingredient substances. In this case, the mixture shall be classified as a specific target organ toxicant (specific organ specified), following single exposure, repeat exposure, or both when at least one ingredient has been classified as a Category 1 or Category 2 specific target organ toxicant and is present at or above the appropriate generic concentration limit as laid out in Table 3.9.4 for Category 1 and 2 respectively.
Table 3.9.4
Generic concentration limits of ingredients of a mixture classified as a specific target organ toxicant that trigger classification of the mixture
Ingredient classified as: | Generic concentration limits triggering classification of the mixture as: |
Category 1 | Category 2 |
Category 1 Specific Target Organ Toxicant | Concentration ≥ 10 % | 1,0 % ≤ concentration Category 2 Specific Target Organ Toxicant | | Concentration ≥ 10 % [(Note 1)] |
Note 1
If a Category 2 specific target organ toxicant is present in the mixture as an ingredient at a concentration ≥ 1,0 % a SDS shall be available for the mixture upon request.
3.9.3.4.2. These generic concentration limits and consequent classifications apply to repeated-dose target organ toxicants.
3.9.3.4.3. Mixtures shall be classified for either or both single- and repeated-dose toxicity independently.
3.9.3.4.4. Care shall be exercised when toxicants affecting more than one organ system are combined that the potentiation or synergistic interactions are considered, because certain substances can cause target organ toxicity at 3.9.4. Hazard Communication
3.9.4.1. Label elements shall be used in accordance with Table 3.9.5 for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class.
Table 3.9.5
Label elements for specific target organ toxicity after repeated exposure
Classification | Category 1 | Category 2 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | |
Signal word | Danger | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H372: Causes damage to organs (state all organs affected, if known) through prolonged or repeated exposure (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) | H373: May cause damage to organs (state all organs affected, if known) through prolonged or repeated exposure (state route of exposure if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard) |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P260 P264 P270 | P260 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P314 | P314 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 |
3.10. Aspiration hazard
3.10.1. Definitions and general considerations
3.10.1.1. These criteria provide a means of classifying substances or mixtures that may pose an aspiration toxicity hazard to humans.
3.10.1.2 "Aspiration" means the entry of a liquid or solid substance or mixture directly through the oral or nasal cavity, or indirectly from vomiting, into the trachea and lower respiratory system.
3.10.1.3. Aspiration toxicity includes severe acute effects such as chemical pneumonia, varying degrees of pulmonary injury or death following aspiration.
3.10.1.4. Aspiration is initiated at the moment of inspiration, in the time required to take one breath, as the causative material lodges at the crossroad of the upper respiratory and digestive tracts in the laryngopharyngeal region.
3.10.1.5. Aspiration of a substance or mixture can occur as it is vomited following ingestion. This has consequences for labelling, particularly where, due to acute toxicity, a recommendation may be considered to induce vomiting after ingestion. However, if the substance/mixture also presents an aspiration toxicity hazard, the recommendation to induce vomiting shall be modified.
3.10.1.6. Specific considerations
3.10.1.6.1. A review of the medical literature on chemical aspiration revealed that some hydrocarbons (petroleum distillates) and certain chlorinated hydrocarbons have been shown to pose an aspiration hazard in humans.
3.10.1.6.2. The classification criteria refer to kinematic viscosity. The following provides the conversion between dynamic and kinematic viscosity:
Dynamic viscosity
Density
=
mm
/s
3.10.1.6.3. Classification of aerosol/mist products
Aerosol and mist forms of a substance or a mixture (product) are usually dispensed in containers such as self-pressurised containers, trigger and pump sprayers. The key to classifying these products is whether a pool of product is formed in the mouth, which then may be aspirated. If the mist or aerosol from a pressurised container is fine, a pool may not be formed. On the other hand, if a pressurised container dispenses product in a stream, a pool may be formed that may then be aspirated. Usually, the mist produced by trigger and pump sprayers is coarse and therefore, a pool may be formed that then may be aspirated. When the pump mechanism may be removed, and the contents are available to be swallowed then the classification of the substance or mixture shall be considered.
3.10.2. Classification criteria for substances
Table 3.10.1
Hazard category for aspiration toxicity
Category | Criteria |
Category 1 | Substances known to cause human aspiration toxicity hazards or to be regarded as if they cause human aspiration toxicity hazard A substance is classified in Category 1: (a)based on reliable and good quality human evidenceor(b)if it is a hydrocarbon and has a kinematic viscosity of 20,5 mm2/s or less, measured at 40 oC. |
Note:
Substances in Category 1 include but are not limited to certain hydrocarbons, turpentine and pine oil.
3.10.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
3.10.3.1. Classification when data are available for the complete mixture
A mixture is classified in Category 1 based on reliable and good quality human evidence.
3.10.3.2. Classification when data are not available for the complete mixture: bridging principles
3.10.3.2.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its aspiration toxicity, but there are sufficient data on the individual ingredients and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazard of the mixture, these data shall be used in accordance with the bridging principles set out in section 1.1.3. However, in the case of application of the dilution bridging principle, the concentration of aspiration toxicant(s) shall be 10 % or more.
3.10.3.3. Classification when data are available for all components or only some components of the mixture
3.10.3.3.1. Category 1
3.10.3.3.1.1. A mixture which contains a total of 10 % or more of a substance or substances classified in Category 1, and has a kinematic viscosity of 20,5 mm2 /s or less, measured at 40 oC, shall be classified in Category 1.
3.10.3.3.1.2. In the case of a mixture which separates into two or more distinct layers, one of which contains 10 % or more of a substance or substances classified in Category 1 and has a kinematic viscosity of 20,5 mmo /s or less, measured at 40 oC, then the entire mixture is classified in Category 1.
3.10.4. Hazard Communication
3.10.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 3.10.2.
Table 3.10.2
Aspiration toxicity label elements
Classification | Category 1 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictogram | |
Signal Word | Danger |
Hazard Statement | H304: May be fatal if swallowed and enters airways |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | |
Precautionary Statement Response | P301 + P310 P331 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | P405 |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 |
4. PART 4: ENVIRONMENTAL HAZARDS
4.1. Hazardous to the aquatic environment
4.1.1. Definitions and General Considerations
4.1.1.1. Definitions
Acute aquatic toxicity means the intrinsic property of a substance to be injurious to an organism in a short-term exposure to that substance.
Availability of a substance means the extent to which this substance becomes a soluble or disaggregate species. For metal availability, the extent to which the metal ion portion of a metal (Mo) compound can disaggregate from the rest of the compound (molecule).
Bioavailability (or biological availability) means the extent to which a substance is taken up by an organism, and distributed to an area within the organism. It is dependent upon physico-chemical properties of the substance, anatomy and physiology of the organism, pharmacokinetics, and route of exposure. Availability is not a prerequisite for bioavailability.
Bioaccumulation means the net result of uptake, transformation and elimination of a substance in an organism due to all routes of exposure (i.e. air, water, sediment/soil and food).
Bioconcentration means the net result of uptake, transformation and elimination of a substance in an organism due to waterborne exposure.
Chronic aquatic toxicity means the intrinsic property of a substance to cause adverse effects to aquatic organisms during exposures which are determined in relation to the life-cycle of the organism.
Degradation means the decomposition of organic molecules to smaller molecules and eventually to carbon dioxide, water and salts.
4.1.1.2. Basic elements
4.1.1.2.0. Hazardous to the Aquatic Environment is differentiated into:
- Acute aquatic hazard;
- Chronic (long term) aquatic hazard.
4.1.1.2.1. The basic elements used for classification for aquatic environmental hazards are:
- Acute aquatic toxicity;
- Potential for or actual bioaccumulation;
- Degradation (biotic or abiotic) for organic chemicals; and
- Chronic aquatic toxicity.
4.1.1.2.2. Preferably data shall be derived using the standardised test methods referred to in Article 8(3). In practice data from other standardised test methods such as national methods shall also be used where they are considered as equivalent. Where valid data are available from non-standard testing and from non-testing methods, these shall be considered in classification provided they fulfil the requirements specified in section 1 of Annex XI to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006. In general, both freshwater and marine species toxicity data are considered suitable for use in classification provided the test method used are equivalent. Where such data are not available classification shall be based on the best available data. See also Part 1.
4.1.1.3. Other considerations
4.1.1.3.1. Classification of substances and mixtures for environmental hazards requires the identification of the hazards they present to the aquatic environment. The aquatic environment is considered in terms of the aquatic organisms that live in the water, and the aquatic ecosystem of which they are part. The basis, therefore, of the identification of hazard is the aquatic toxicity of the substance or mixture, although this shall be modified by taking account of further information on the degradation and bioaccumulation behaviour, if appropriate.
4.1.1.3.2. While the classification system applies to all substances and mixtures, it is recognised that for special cases the Agency will issue guidance.
4.1.2. Classification criteria for substances
4.1.2.1. The core classification system for substances consists of one acute classification category and three chronic classification categories. The acute and the chronic classification categories are applied independently. The criteria for classification of a substance in acute Category 1 are defined on the basis of acute aquatic toxicity data only (EC50 or LC50). The criteria for classification of a substance into the chronic categories combine two types of information, i.e. acute aquatic toxicity data and environmental fate data (degradability and bioaccumulation data).
4.1.2.2. The system also introduces a "safety net" classification (referred to as Chronic Category 4) for use when the data available do not allow classification under the formal criteria but there are nevertheless some grounds for concern (see example in table 4.1.0).
4.1.2.3. The system for classification recognises that the core intrinsic hazard to aquatic organisms is represented by both the acute and chronic toxicity of a substance. Separate hazard categories are defined for both properties representing a gradation in the level of hazard identified. The lowest of the available toxicity values shall normally be used to define the appropriate hazard category(ies). There are circumstances, however, when a weight of evidence approach is appropriate.
4.1.2.4. The principal hazard of a "hazardous to the aquatic environment" substance is defined by chronic toxicity, although acute toxicity at L(E)C50 levels ≤ 1 mg/l are also considered hazardous. The intrinsic properties of a lack of rapid degradability and/or a potential to bioconcentrate in combination with acute toxicity are used to assign a substance to a chronic (long term) hazard category.
4.1.2.5. Substances with acute toxicities well below 1 mg/l contribute as components of a mixture to the toxicity of the mixture even at a low concentration and shall normally be given increased weight in applying the summation of classification approach (see note 1 of Table 4.1.0 and 4.1.3.5.5).
4.1.2.6. The criteria for classifying and categorising substances as "hazardous to the aquatic environment" are summarised in Table 4.1.0.
Table 4.1.0
Classification categories for hazardous to the aquatic environment
Acute (short-term) aquatic hazard |
Acute Category 1 | (Note 1) |
96 hr LC50 (for fish) | ≤ 1 mg/l and/or |
48 hr EC50 (for crustacea) | ≤ 1 mg/l and/or |
72 or 96 hr ErC50 (for algae or other aquatic plants) | ≤ 1 mg/l. | (Note 2) |
Chronic (long-term) aquatic hazard |
Chronic Category 1 | (Note 1) |
96 hr LC50 (for fish) | ≤ 1 mg/l and/or |
48 hr EC50 (for crustacea) | ≤ 1 mg/l and/or |
72 or 96 hr ErC50 (for algae or other aquatic plants) | ≤ 1 mg/l | (Note 2) |
and the substance is not rapidly degradable and/or the experimentally determined BCF ≥ 500 (or, if absent, the log Kow ≥ 4). |
Chronic Category 2 |
96 hr LC50 (for fish) | > 1 to ≤ 10 mg/l and/or |
48 hr EC50 (for crustacea) | > 1 to ≤ 10 mg/l and/or |
72 or 96 hr ErC50 (for algae or other aquatic plants) | > 1 to ≤ 10 mg/l | (Note 2) |
and the substance is not rapidly degradable and/or the experimentally determined BCF ≥ 500 (or, if absent, the log Kow ≥ 4), unless the chronic toxicity NOECs are > 1 mg/l. |
Chronic Category 3 |
96 hr LC50 (for fish) | > 10 to ≤ 100 mg/l and/or |
48 hr EC50 (for crustacea) | > 10 to ≤ 100 mg/l and/or |
72 or 96 hr ErC50 (for algae or other aquatic plants) | > 10 to ≤ 100 mg/l | (Note 2) |
and the substance is not rapidly degradable and/or the experimentally determined BCF ≥ 500 (or, if absent, the log Kow ≥ 4) unless the chronic toxicity NOECs are > 1 mg/l. |
"Safety net" classification Chronic Category 4 Cases when data do not allow classification under the above criteria but there are nevertheless some grounds for concern. This includes, for example, poorly soluble substances for which no acute toxicity is recorded at levels up to the water solubility (note 3), and which are not rapidly degradable and have an experimentally determined BCF ≥ 500 (or, if absent, a log Kow ≥ 4), indicating a potential to bioaccumulate, will be classified in this category unless other scientific evidence exists showing classification to be unnecessary. Such evidence includes chronic toxicity NOECs > water solubility or > 1 mg/l, or evidence of rapid degradation in the environment. |
Note 1
When classifying substances as Acute Category 1 and/or Chronic Category 1 it is necessary at the same time to indicate an appropriate M-factor (see table 4.1.3).
Note 2
Classification shall be based on the ErC50 [= EC50 (growth rate)]. In circumstances where the basis of the EC50 is not specified or no ErC50 is recorded, classification shall be based on the lowest EC50 available.
Note 3
"No acute toxicity" is taken to mean that the L(E)C50(s) is/are above the water solubility. Also for poorly soluble substances, (water solubility 4.1.2.7. Aquatic toxicity
4.1.2.7.1. Acute aquatic toxicity is normally determined using a fish 96 hour LC50, a crustacea species 48 hour EC50 and/or an algal species 72 or 96 hour EC50. These species cover a range of trophic levels and taxa and are considered as surrogate for all aquatic organisms. Data on other species (e.g. Lemna spp.) shall also be considered if the test methodology is suitable. The aquatic plant growth inhibition tests are normally considered as chronic tests but the EC50s are treated as acute values for classification purposes (see note 2).
4.1.2.7.2. For determining chronic aquatic toxicity for classification purposes data generated according to the standardised test methods referred to in Article 8(3) shall be accepted, as well as results obtained from other validated and internationally accepted test methods. The NOECS or other equivalent L(E)Cx (e.g. EC10) shall be used.
4.1.2.8. Bioaccumulation
4.1.2.8.1. Bioaccumulation of substances within aquatic organisms can give rise to toxic effects over longer time scales even when actual water concentrations are low. For organic substances the potential for bioaccumulation shall normally be determined by using the octanol/water partition coefficient, usually reported as a log Kow. The relationship between the log Kow of an organic substance and its bioconcentration as measured by the bioconcentration factor (BCF) in fish has considerable scientific literature support. Using a cut-off value of log Kow ≥ 4 is intended to identify only those substances with a real potential to bioconcentrate. While this represents a potential to bioaccumulate, an experimentally determined BCF provides a better measure and shall be used in preference if available. A BCF in fish of ≥ 500 is indicative of the potential to bioconcentrate for classification purposes.
4.1.2.9. Rapid degradability of organic substances
4.1.2.9.1. Substances that rapidly degrade can be quickly removed from the environment. While effects of such substances can occur, particularly in the event of a spillage or accident, they are localised and of short duration. In the absence of rapid degradation in the environment a substance in the water has the potential to exert toxicity over a wide temporal and spatial scale.
4.1.2.9.2. One way of demonstrating rapid degradation utilises the biodegradation screening tests designed to determine whether an organic substance is "readily biodegradable". Where such data are not available, a BOD(5 days)/COD ratio ≥ 0,5 is considered as indicative of rapid degradation. Thus, a substance which passes this screening test is considered likely to biodegrade "rapidly" in the aquatic environment, and is thus unlikely to be persistent. However, a fail in the screening test does not necessarily mean that the substance will not degrade rapidly in the environment. Other evidence of rapid degradation in the environment may therefore also be considered and are of particular importance where the substances are inhibitory to microbial activity at the concentration levels used in standard testing. Thus, a further classification criterion is included which allows the use of data to show that the substance did actually degrade biotically or abiotically in the aquatic environment by > 70 % in 28 days. Thus, if degradation is demonstrated under environmentally realistic conditions, then the criterion of "rapid degradability" is met.
4.1.2.9.3. Many degradation data are available in the form of degradation half-lives and these can be used in defining rapid degradation provided that ultimate biodegradation of the substance, i.e. full mineralisation, is achieved. Primary biodegradation does not normally suffice in the assessment of rapid degradability unless it can be demonstrated that the degradation products do not fulfil the criteria for classification as hazardous to the aquatic environment.
4.1.2.9.4. The criteria used reflect the fact that environmental degradation may be biotic or abiotic. Hydrolysis can be considered if the hydrolysis products do not fulfil the criteria for classification as hazardous to the aquatic environment.
4.1.2.9.5. Substances are considered rapidly degradable in the environment if one of the following criteria holds true:
(a) if, in 28-day ready biodegradation studies, at least the following levels of degradation are achieved;
(i) tests based on dissolved organic carbon: 70 %
(ii) tests based on oxygen depletion or carbon dioxide generation: 60 % of theoretical maximum.
These levels of biodegradation must be achieved within 10 days of the start of degradation which point is taken as the time when 10 % of the substance has been degraded; or
(b) if, in those cases where only BOD and COD data are available, when the ratio of BOD5/COD is ≥ 0,5; or
(c) if other convincing scientific evidence is available to demonstrate that the substance can be degraded (biotically and/or abiotically) in the aquatic environment to a level > 70 % within a 28-day period.
4.1.2.10. Inorganic compounds and metals
4.1.2.10.1. For inorganic compounds and metals, the concept of degradability as applied to organic compounds has limited or no meaning. Rather, such substances may be transformed by normal environmental processes to either increase or decrease the bioavailability of the toxic species. Equally the use of bioaccumulation data shall be treated with care [17].
4.1.2.10.2. Poorly soluble inorganic compounds and metals may be acutely or chronically toxic in the aquatic environment depending on the intrinsic toxicity of the bioavailable inorganic species and the rate and amount of this species which enter solution.
4.1.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
4.1.3.1. The classification system for mixtures covers all classification categories which are used for substances, i.e. Acute Category 1 and Chronic Categories 1 to 4. In order to make use of all available data for purposes of classifying the aquatic environmental hazards of the mixture, the following is applied where appropriate:
The "relevant components" of a mixture are those which are classified "Acute Category 1" or "Chronic Category 1" and present in a concentration of 0,1 % (w/w) or greater, and those which are classified "Chronic Category 2", "Chronic Category 3" or "Chronic Category 4" and present in a concentration of 1 % (w/w) or greater, unless there is a presumption (such as in the case of highly toxic components (see 4.1.3.5.5.5)) that a component present in a lower concentration can still be relevant for classifying the mixture for aquatic environmental hazards. Generally, for substances classified as "Acute Category 1" or "Chronic Category 1" the concentration to be taken into account is (0,1/M) %. (For explanation M-factor see 4.1.3.5.5.5).
4.1.3.2. The approach for classification of aquatic environmental hazards is tiered, and is dependent upon the type of information available for the mixture itself and for its components. Figure 4.1.2 outlines the process to be followed.
Elements of the tiered approach include:
- classification based on tested mixtures;
- classification based on bridging principles;
- the use of "summation of classified components" and/or an "additivity formula".
Figure 4.1.2
Tiered approach to classification of mixtures for acute and chronic (long term) aquatic environmental hazards
Aquatic toxicity test data available on the mixture as a whole
No
Yes
CLASSIFY
for acute/chronic aquatic hazard (see 4.1.3.3)
Sufficient data available on similar mixtures to estimate hazards
Yes
Apply bridging principles (see 4.1.3.4.)
CLASSIFY
for acute/chronic aquatic hazard
No
Either aquatic toxicity or classification data available for all relevant components
Yes
Apply summation Method (see 4.1.3.5.5) using:
• Percentage of all components classified as ‘Chronic’
• Percentage of components classified as ‘Acute’
• Percentage of components with acute toxicity data: apply Addititivity Formula (see 4.1.3.5.2) and convert the derived L(E)C50 to the appropriate ‘Acute’ Category
CLASSIFY
for acute/chronic aquatic hazard
No
Use available hazard data of known components.
Apply Summation Method and/or Additivity Formula (see 4.1.3.5) and apply 4.1.3.6
CLASSIFY
for acute/chronic aquatic hazard
+++++ TIFF +++++
4.1.3.3. Classification of mixtures when data are available for the complete mixture
4.1.3.3.1. When the mixture as a whole has been tested to determine its aquatic toxicity, it is classified according to the criteria that have been agreed for substances, but only for acute hazard. The classification is normally based on the data for fish, crustacea and algae/plants. Classification of mixtures by using LC50 or EC50 data for the mixture as a whole is not possible for chronic categories since both toxicity data and environmental fate data are needed, and there are no degradability and bioaccumulation data for mixtures as a whole. It is not possible to apply the criteria for chronic classification because the data from degradability and bioaccumulation tests of mixtures cannot be interpreted; they are meaningful only for single substances.
4.1.3.3.2. When there is acute toxicity test data (LC50 or EC50) available for the mixture as a whole, these data as well as information with respect to the classification of components for chronic (long-term) hazard shall be used to complete the classification for tested mixtures as follows. When chronic toxicity data (NOEC) is also available, this shall be used too.
(a) L(E)C50 (LC50 or EC50) of the tested mixture ≤ 100 mg/l and NOEC of the tested mixture ≤ 1 mg/l or unknown:
- Classify mixture as Acute Category 1 (LC50 or EC50 of the tested mixture ≤ 1 mg/l) or no need for acute classification (LC50 and EC50 of the tested mixture > 1 mg/l).
- Apply summation method (see 4.1.3.5.5) for chronic classification (Chronic Category 1, 2, 3, 4 or no need for chronic classification).
(b) L(E)C50 of the tested mixture ≤ 100 mg/l and NOEC(s) of the tested mixture > 1 mg/l:
- No need to classify for acute hazard
- Apply summation method (see 4.1.3.5.5) for classification as Chronic Category 1. If the mixture is not classified as Chronic Category 1, then there is no need for chronic classification.
(c) L(E)C50(s) of the tested mixture > 100 mg/l, or above the water solubility, and NOEC of the tested mixture ≤ 1 mg/l or unknown:
- No need to classify for acute hazard
- Apply summation method (see 4.1.3.5.5) for Chronic classification (Chronic Category 4 or no need for chronic classification).
(d) L(E)C50(s) of the tested mixture > 100 mg/l, or above the water solubility, and NOEC(s) of the tested mixture > 1 mg/l:
- No need to classify for acute or chronic (long-term) hazard.
4.1.3.4. Classification of mixtures when data are not available for the complete mixture: Bridging principles
4.1.3.4.1. Where the mixture itself has not been tested to determine its aquatic environmental hazard, but there are sufficient data on the individual components and similar tested mixtures to adequately characterise the hazards of the mixture, this data shall be used in accordance with the bridging rules set out in section 1.1.3. However, in relation to application of the bridging rule for dilution, paragraphs 4.1.3.4.2 and 4.1.3.4.3 shall be used.
4.1.3.4.2. Dilution: if a mixture is formed by diluting another mixture or a substance classified for its aquatic environmental hazard with a diluent which has an equivalent or lower aquatic hazard classification than the least toxic original component and which is not expected to affect the aquatic hazards of other components, then the mixture may be classified as equivalent to the original mixture or substance.
4.1.3.4.3. If a mixture is formed by diluting another classified mixture or substance with water or other totally non-toxic material, the toxicity of the mixture can be calculated from the original mixture or substance
4.1.3.5. Classification of mixtures when data are available for all components or only for some components of the mixture
4.1.3.5.1. The classification of a mixture is based on summation of the classification of its components. The percentage of components classified as "Acute" or "Chronic" is fed straight in to the summation method. Details of the summation method are described in 4.1.3.5.5.
4.1.3.5.2. When a mixture consists of components that are not (yet) classified (as Acute Category 1 and/or Chronic Category 1, 2, 3 or 4) adequate data for these components shall be taken into account when available. When adequate toxicity data are available for more than one component in the mixture, the combined toxicity of those components is calculated using the following additivity formula, and the calculated toxicity is used to assign that portion of the mixture an acute category which is then subsequently used in applying the summation method.
C(E)L
=
C(E)L
50i
where:
Ci = concentration of component i (weight percentage)
L(E)C50 i = (mg/l) LC50 or EC50 for component i
η = number of components
L(E)C50 m = L(E) C50 of the part of the mixture with test data
4.1.3.5.3. When applying the additivity formula for part of the mixture, it is preferable to calculate the toxicity of this part of the mixture using for each substance toxicity values that relate to the same taxonomic group (i.e. fish, daphnia, algae or equivalent) and then to use the highest toxicity (lowest value) obtained (i.e. use the most sensitive of the three taxonomic groups). However, when toxicity data for each component are not available in the same taxonomic group, the toxicity value of each component is selected in the same manner that toxicity values are selected for the classification of substances, i.e. the higher toxicity (from the most sensitive test organism) is used. The calculated acute toxicity is then used to assess whether this part of the mixture shall be classified as Acute Category 1 using the same criteria described for substances.
4.1.3.5.4. If a mixture is classified in more than one way, the method yielding the more conservative result shall be used.
4.1.3.5.5. Summation method
4.1.3.5.5.1. Rationale
4.1.3.5.5.1.1. In case of the substance classification categories Acute Category 1 or Chronic Category 1 to Chronic Category 3, the underlying toxicity criteria differ by a factor of 10 in moving from one category to another. Substances with a classification in a high toxicity band therefore contribute to the classification of a mixture in a lower band. The calculation of these classification categories therefore needs to consider the contribution of all substances classified as Acute Category 1/Chronic Category 1, Chronic Category 2 and Chronic Category 3 together.
4.1.3.5.5.1.2. When a mixture contains components classified as Acute Category 1 or Chronic Category 1, attention must be paid to the fact that such components, when their acute toxicity is below 1 mg/l contribute to the toxicity of the mixture even at a low concentration. Active ingredients in pesticides often possess such high aquatic toxicity but also some other substances like organometallic compounds. Under these circumstances the application of the normal generic concentration limits leads to an "under-classification" of the mixture. Therefore, multiplying factors shall be applied to account for highly toxic components, as described in paragraph 4.1.3.5.5.5.
4.1.3.5.5.2. Classification procedure
4.1.3.5.5.2.1. In general a more severe classification for mixtures overrides a less severe classification, e.g. a classification for chronic toxicity with Chronic Category 1 overrides a classification with Chronic Category 2. As a consequence, in this example, the classification procedure is already completed if the result of the classification is Chronic Category 1. A more severe classification than Chronic Category 1 is not possible. Therefore it is not necessary to undergo the further classification procedure.
4.1.3.5.5.3. Classification for Acute Category 1
4.1.3.5.5.3.1. First all components classified as Acute Category 1 are considered. If the sum of these components is greater than 25 % the whole mixture is classified as Acute Category 1.
4.1.3.5.5.3.2. The classification of mixtures for acute hazards based on this summation of classified components, is summarised in Table 4.1.1.
Table 4.1.1
Classification of a mixture for acute hazards, based on summation of classified components
Sum of components classified as: | Mixture is classified as: |
Acute Category 1 × M [18] ≥ 25 % | Acute Category 1 |
4.1.3.5.5.4. Classification for the Chronic Categories 1, 2, 3 and 4
4.1.3.5.5.4.1. First all components classified as Chronic Category 1 are considered. If the sum of these components multiplied by their corresponding M-factors is equal to or greater than 25 % the mixture is classified as Chronic Category 1. If the result of the calculation is a classification of the mixture as Chronic Category 1 the classification procedure is completed.
4.1.3.5.5.4.2. In cases where the mixture is not classified as Chronic Category 1, classification of the mixture as Chronic Category 2 is considered. A mixture is classified as Chronic Category 2 if 10 times the sum of all components classified as Chronic Category 1 multiplied by their corresponding M-factors plus the sum of all components classified as Chronic Category 2 is equal to or greater than 25 %. If the result of the calculation is classification of the mixture as Chronic Category 2, the classification process is completed.
4.1.3.5.5.4.3. In cases where the mixture is not classified either as Chronic Category 1 or Chronic Category 2, classification of the mixture as Chronic Category 3 is considered. A mixture is classified as Chronic Category 3 if 100 times the sum of all components classified as Chronic Category 1 multiplied by their corresponding M-factors plus 10 times the sum of all components classified with Chronic Category 2 plus the sum of all components classified as Chronic Category 3 is ≥ 25 %.
4.1.3.5.5.4.4. If the mixture is still not classified in Chronic Category 1, 2 or 3, classification of the mixture as Chronic Category 4 shall be considered. A mixture is classified as Chronic Category 4 if the sum of the percentages of components classified as Chronic Category 1, 2, 3 and 4 is equal to or greater than 25 %.
4.1.3.5.5.4.5. The classification of mixtures for chronic (long term) hazards, based on this summation of classified components, is summarised in Table 4.1.2.
Table 4.1.2
Classification of a mixture for chronic (long term) hazards, based on summation of classified components
Sum of components classified as: | Mixture is classified as: |
Chronic Category 1 × M [19] ≥ 25 % | Chronic Category 1 |
(M × 10 × Chronic Category 1) + Chronic Category 2 ≥ 25 % | Chronic Category 2 |
(M × 100 × Chronic Category 1) + (10 × Chronic Category 2) + Chronic Category 3 ≥ 25 % | Chronic Category 3 |
Chronic Category 1 + Chronic Category 2 + Chronic Category 3 + Chronic Category 4 ≥ 25 % | Chronic Category 4 |
4.1.3.5.5.5. Mixtures with highly toxic components
4.1.3.5.5.5.1. Acute Category 1 and Chronic Category 1 components with toxicities below 1 mg/l contribute to the toxicity of the mixture even at a low concentration and shall normally be given increased weight in applying the summation of classification approach. When a mixture contains components classified as Acute or Chronic Category 1, one of the following shall be applied:
- The tiered approach described in 4.1.3.5.5.3 and 4.1.3.5.5.4 using a weighted sum by multiplying the concentrations of Acute Category 1 and Chronic Category 1 components by a factor, instead of merely adding up the percentages. This means that the concentration of "Acute Category 1" in the left column of Table 4.1.1 and the concentration of "Chronic Category 1" in the left column of Table 4.1.2 are multiplied by the appropriate multiplying factor. The multiplying factors to be applied to these components are defined using the toxicity value, as summarised in Table 4.1.3. Therefore, in order to classify a mixture containing Acute/Chronic Category 1 components, the classifier needs to be informed of the value of the M-factor in order to apply the summation method;
- The additivity formula (see 4.1.3.5.2) provided that toxicity data are available for all highly toxic components in the mixture and there is convincing evidence that all other components, including those for which specific acute toxicity data are not available, are of low or no toxicity and do not significantly contribute to the environmental hazard of the mixture.
Table 4.1.3
Multiplying factors for highly toxic components of mixtures
L(E)C50 value | Multiplying factor (M) |
0,1 0,01 0,001 0,0001 0,00001 (continue in factor 10 intervals) | |
4.1.3.6. Classification of mixtures with components without any useable information
4.1.3.6.1. In the event that no useable information on acute and/or chronic (long term) aquatic hazard is available for one or more relevant components, it is concluded that the mixture cannot be attributed to one or more definitive hazard category(ies). In this situation the mixture shall be classified based on the known components only, with the additional statement in the SDS that: "Contains x % of components with unknown hazards to the aquatic environment".
4.1.4. Hazard Communication
4.1.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 4.1.4.
Table 4.1.4
Label elements for hazardous to the aquatic environment
ACUTE |
| Category 1 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictogram | |
Signal Word | Warning |
Hazard Statement | H400: Very toxic to aquatic life |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P273 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P391 |
Precautionary Statement Storage | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 |
CHRONIC |
| Category 1 | Category 2 | Category 3 | Category 4 |
+++++ TIFF +++++
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS Pictograms | | | No pictogram is used | No pictogram is used |
Signal Word | Warning | No signal word is used | No signal word is used | No signal word is used |
Hazard Statement | H410: Very toxic to aquatic life with long lasting effects | H411: Toxic to aquatic life with long lasting effects | H412: Harmful to aquatic life with long lasting effects | H413: May cause long lasting harmful effects to aquatic life |
Precautionary Statement Prevention | P273 | P273 | P273 | P273 |
Precautionary Statement Response | P391 | P391 | | |
Precautionary Statement Storage | | | | |
Precautionary Statement Disposal | P501 | P501 | P501 | P501 |
5. PART 5: ADDITIONAL EU HAZARD CLASS
5.1. Hazardous to the ozone layer
5.1.1. Definitions and general considerations
5.1.1.1. Substance Hazardous to the Ozone Layer means a substance which, on the basis of the available evidence concerning its properties and its predicted or observed environmental fate and behaviour may present a danger to the structure and/or the functioning of the stratospheric ozone layer. This includes substances which are listed in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 2037/2000 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 June 2000 on substances that deplete the ozone layer [20] and its subsequent amendments.
5.1.2. Classification criteria for substances
5.1.2.1. A substance shall be classified as Hazardous to the Ozone Layer if the available evidence concerning its properties and its predicted or observed environmental fate and behaviour indicate that it may present a danger to the structure and/or the functioning of the stratospheric ozone layer.
5.1.3. Classification criteria for mixtures
5.1.3.1. Mixtures shall be classified as Hazardous to the Ozone Layer on the basis of the individual concentration of the substance(s) contained therein that are also classified as Hazardous to the Ozone Layer, in accordance with Table 5.1.
Table 5.1
Generic concentration limits for substances (in a mixture), classified as Hazardous to the Ozone Layer, that trigger classification of the mixture as Hazardous to the Ozone Layer
Classification of the substance | Classification of the mixture |
Hazardous to the ozone layer | C > 0,1 % |
5.1.4. Hazard Communication
5.1.4.1. Label elements shall be used for substances or mixtures meeting the criteria for classification in this hazard class in accordance with Table 5.2
Table 5.2
Label elements for Hazardous to the Ozone Layer
Symbol/pictogram | |
Signal Word | Danger |
Hazard Statement | EUH059: Hazardous to the Ozone Layer |
Precautionary Statements | P273 P501 |
[1] Or [2] Or [3] Or [4] This comprises substances, mixtures and articles which are manufactured with a view to producing a practical, explosive or pyrotechnic effect.
[5] For the purpose of this Regulation gas oils, diesel and light heating oils having a flash point between ≥ 55 oC and ≤ 75 oC may be regarded as Category 3.
[6] To date, the calculation method has been validated for mixtures containing up to 6 volatile components. These components may be flammable liquids like hydrocarbons, ethers, alcohols, esters (except acrylates), and water. It is however not yet validated for mixtures containing halogenated sulphurous, and/or phosphoric compounds as well as reactive acrylates.
[7] If the calculated flash point is less than 5 oC greater than the relevant classification criterion, the calculation method may not be used and the flash point should be determined experimentally.
[8] See UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, sub-sections 28.1, 28.2, 28.3 and Table 28.3.
[9] See UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, sub-sections 28.1, 28.2, 28.3 and Table 28.3.
[10] As determined by test series E as prescribed in UN Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, Part II.
[11] Gas concentrations are expressed in parts per million per volume (ppmV).
[12] For ingredients with acute toxicity estimates available for other than the most appropriate exposure route, values may be extrapolated from the available exposure route(s) to the most appropriate route. Dermal and inhalation route data are not always required for ingredients. However, in case data requirements for specific ingredients include acute toxicity estimates for the dermal and inhalation route, the values to be used in the formula need to be from the required exposure route.
[13] At present recognised animal models for the testing of respiratory hypersensitivity are not available.
[14] The mechanisms by which substances induce symptoms of asthma are not yet fully known. For preventative measures, these substances are considered respiratory sensitisers. However, if on the basis of the evidence, it can be demonstrated that these substances induce symptoms of asthma by irritation only in people with bronchial hyper reactivity, they should not be considered as respiratory sensitisers.
[15] Note: See 3.6.2.2.4.
[16] It is recognised that the Mating index and the Fertility index can also be affected by the male.
[17] Specific guidance will be provided by the Agency on how these data for such substances may be used in meeting the requirements of the classification criteria.
[18] For explanation of the M-factor, see 4.1.3.5.5.5.
[19] For explanation of the M-factor, see 4.1.3.5.5.5.
[20] OJ L 244, 29.9.2000, p. 1.
--------------------------------------------------
ANNEX II
SPECIAL RULES FOR LABELLING AND PACKAGING OF CERTAIN SUBSTANCES AND MIXTURES
This Annex consists of 5 parts:
- Part 1 contains special rules for the labelling of certain classified substances and mixtures.
- Part 2 sets out rules for additional hazard statements to be included on the label of certain mixtures.
- Part 3 sets out special rules for packaging.
- Part 4 sets out a special rule for the labelling of plant protection products.
- Part 5 sets up a list of hazardous substances and mixtures to which Article 29(3) applies.
1. PART 1: SUPPLEMENTAL HAZARD INFORMATION
The statements set out in sections 1.1 and 1.2 shall be assigned in accordance with Article 25(1) to substances and mixtures classified for physical, health or environmental hazards.
1.1. Physical properties
1.1.1. EUH001 — "Explosive when dry"
For explosive substances and mixtures as referred to in section 2.1 of Annex I, placed on the market wetted with water or alcohols or diluted with other substances to suppress their explosive properties.
1.1.2. EUH006 — "Explosive with or without contact with air"
For substances and mixtures which are unstable at ambient temperatures, such as acetylene.
1.1.3. EUH014 — "Reacts violently with water"
For substances and mixtures which react violently with water, such as acetyl chloride, alkali metals, titanium tetrachloride.
1.1.4. EUH018 — "In use, may form flammable/explosive vapour-air mixture"
For substances and mixtures not classified as flammable themselves, which may form flammable/explosive vapour-air mixtures. For substances this might be the case for halogenated hydrocarbons and for mixtures this might be the case due to a volatile flammable component or due to the loss of a volatile non-flammable component.
1.1.5. EUH019 — "May form explosive peroxides"
For substances and mixtures which may form explosive peroxides during storage, such as diethyl ether, 1,4-dioxane.
1.1.6. EUH044 — "Risk of explosion if heated under confinement"
For substances and mixtures not in themselves classified as explosive in accordance with section 2.1 of Annex I, but which may nevertheless display explosive properties in practice if heated under sufficient confinement. In particular, substances which decompose explosively if heated in a steel drum do not show this effect if heated in less-strong containers.
1.2. Health properties
1.2.1. EUH029 — "Contact with water liberates toxic gas"
For substances and mixtures which in contact with water or damp air, evolve gases classified for acute toxicity in category 1, 2 or 3 in potentially dangerous amounts, such as aluminium phosphide, phosphorus pentasulphide.
1.2.2. EUH031 — "Contact with acids liberates toxic gas"
For substances and mixtures which react with acids to evolve gases classified for acute toxicity in category 3 in dangerous amounts, such as sodium hypochlorite, barium polysulphide.
1.2.3. EUH032 — "Contact with acids liberates very toxic gas"
For substances and mixtures which react with acids to evolve gases classified for acute toxicity in category 1 or 2 in dangerous amounts, such as salts of hydrogen cyanide, sodium azide.
1.2.4. EUH066 — "Repeated exposure may cause skin dryness or cracking"
For substances and mixtures which may cause concern as a result of skin dryness, flaking or cracking but which do not meet the criteria for skin irritancy in section 3.2 of Annex I, based on either:
- practical observations; or
- relevant evidence concerning their predicted effects on the skin.
1.2.5. EUH070 — "Toxic by eye contact"
For substances or mixtures where an eye irritation test has resulted in overt signs of systemic toxicity or mortality among the animals tested, which is likely to be attributed to absorption of the substance or mixture through the mucous membranes of the eye. The statement shall also be applied if there is evidence in humans for systemic toxicity after eye contact.
The statement shall also be applied where a substance or a mixture contains another substance labelled for this effect, if the concentration of this substance is equal to, or greater than 0,1 %, unless otherwise specified in part 3 of Annex VI.
1.2.6. EUH071 — "Corrosive to the respiratory tract"
For substances and mixtures in addition to classification for inhalation toxicity, if data are available that indicate that the mechanism of toxicity is corrosivity, in accordance with section 3.1.2.3.3 and Note 1 of Table 3.1.3 in Annex I.
For substances and mixtures in addition to classification for skin corrosivity, if no acute inhalation test data are available and which may be inhaled.
2. PART 2: SPECIAL RULES FOR SUPPLEMENTAL LABEL ELEMENTS FOR CERTAIN MIXTURES
The statements set out in sections 2.1 to 2.10 shall be assigned to mixtures in accordance with Article 25(6).
2.1. Mixtures containing lead
The label on the packaging of paints and varnishes containing lead in quantities exceeding 0,15 % (expressed as weight of metal) of the total weight of the mixture, as determined in accordance with ISO standard 6503, shall bear the following statement:
EUH201 — "Contains lead. Should not be used on surfaces liable to be chewed or sucked by children"
In the case of packages the contents of which are less than 125 ml, the statement may be as follows:
EUH201A — "Warning! Contains lead"
2.2. Mixtures containing cyanoacrylates
The label on the immediate packaging of adhesives based on cyanoacrylate shall bear the following statement:
EUH202 — "Cyanoacrylate. Danger. Bonds skin and eyes in seconds. Keep out of the reach of children"
Appropriate advice on safety shall accompany the package.
2.3. Cements and cement mixtures
Unless cements or cement mixtures are already classified and labelled as a sensitiser with the hazard statement H317, "May cause an allergic skin reaction", the label on the packaging of cements and cement mixtures that contain, when they are hydrated, more than 0,0002 % soluble chromium (VI) of the total dry weight of the cement shall bear the statement:
EUH203 — "Contains chromium (VI). May produce an allergic reaction"
If reducing agents are used, then the packaging of cement or cement-containing mixtures shall include information on the packing date, the storage conditions and the storage period appropriate to maintaining the activity of the reducing agent and to keeping the content of soluble chromium VI below 0,0002 %.
2.4. Mixtures containing isocyanates
Unless already identified on the label of the packaging, mixtures containing isocyanates (as monomers, oligomers, prepolymers, etc., or as mixtures thereof) shall bear the following statement:
EUH204 — "Contains isocyanates. May produce an allergic reaction."
2.5. Mixtures containing epoxy constituents with an average molecular weight ≤ 700
Unless already identified on the label of the packaging, mixtures containing epoxy constituents with an average molecular weight ≤ 700 shall bear the following statement:
EUH205 — "Contains epoxy constituents. May produce an allergic reaction."
2.6. Mixtures sold to the general public which contain active chlorine
The label on the packaging of mixtures containing more than 1 % of active chlorine shall bear the following statement:
EUH206 — "Warning! Do not use together with other products. May release dangerous gases (chlorine)"
2.7. Mixtures containing cadmium (alloys) and intended to be used for brazing or soldering
The label on the packaging of the above mentioned mixtures shall bear the following statement:
EUH207 — "Warning! Contains cadmium. Dangerous fumes are formed during use. See information supplied by the manufacturer. Comply with the safety instructions"
2.8. Mixtures not classified as sensitising but containing at least one sensitising substance
The label on the packaging of mixtures containing at least one substance classified as sensitising and present in a concentration equal to or greater than 0,1 % or in a concentration equal to or greater than that specified under a specific note for the substance in part 3 of Annex VI shall bear the statement:
EUH208 — "Contains (name of sensitising substance). May produce an allergic reaction"
2.9. Liquid mixtures containing halogenated hydrocarbons
For liquid mixtures which show no flashpoint or a flashpoint higher than 60 oC but not more than 93 oC and contain a halogenated hydrocarbon and more than 5 % highly flammable or flammable substances, the label on the packaging shall bear one of the following statements, depending on whether the substances referred to above are highly flammable or flammable:
EUH209 — "Can become highly flammable in use" or
EUH209A — "Can become flammable in use"
2.10. Mixtures not intended for the general public
For mixtures not classified as hazardous but which contain:
- ≥ 0,1 % of a substance classified as skin sensitiser category 1, respiratory sensitiser category 1, or carcinogenic category 2; or
- ≥ 0,1 % of a substance classified as toxic to reproduction categories 1A, 1B or 2, or with effects on or via lactation; or
- at least one substance in an individual concentration of ≥ 1 % by weight for non-gaseous mixtures and ≥ 0,2 % by volume for gaseous mixtures either:
- classified with other health or environmental hazards; or
- for which there are Community workplace exposure limits
the label on the packaging shall bear the statement:
EUH210 — "Safety data sheet available on request".
2.11 Aerosols
Note that aerosols are also subject to the labelling provisions in accordance with points 2.2 and 2.3 in the Annex to Directive 75/324/EEC.
3. PART 3: SPECIAL RULES ON PACKAGING
3.1. Provisions relating to child-resistant fastenings
3.1.1. Packaging to be fitted with child-resistant fastenings
3.1.1.1. Packaging of whatever capacity containing a substance or mixture supplied to the general public and classified for acute toxicity, categories 1 to 3, STOT — single exposure category 1, STOT — repeated exposure category 1, or skin corrosion category 1 shall be fitted with child-resistant fastenings.
3.1.1.2. Packaging of whatever capacity containing a substance or mixture supplied to the general public presenting an aspiration hazard and classified according to sections 3.10.2 and 3.10.3 of Annex I and labelled according to section 3.10.4.1 of Annex I, with the exception of substances and mixtures placed on the market in the form of aerosols or in a container fitted with a sealed spray attachment, shall be fitted with child-resistant fastenings.
3.1.1.3 Where a substances or mixture has at least one of the substances mentioned below present in a concentration equal to or greater than the maximum individual concentrations specified, which are supplied to the general public, the packaging of whatever capacity shall be fitted with child-resistant fastenings.
No | Identification of the substance | Concentration limit |
CAS No | Name | EC No |
1 | 67-56-1 | methanol | 200-659-6 | ≥ 3 % |
2 | 75-09-2 | dichloromethane | 200-838-9 | ≥ 1 % |
3.1.2 Reclosable packages
Child-resistant fastenings used on reclosable packages shall comply with EN ISO standard 8317 as amended relating to "Child-resistant packages — Requirements and methods of testing for reclosable packages" adopted by the European Committee for standardisation (CEN) and the International Standard Organisation (ISO).
3.1.3 Non-reclosable packages
Child-resistant fastenings used on non-reclosable packages shall comply with CEN standard EN 862 as amended relating to "Packaging — Child-resistant packaging — Requirements and testing procedures for non-reclosable packages for non-pharmaceutical products" adopted by the European Committee for Standardisation (CEN).
3.1.4 Notes
3.1.4.1. Evidence of conformity with the above standards may be certified only by laboratories which conform with Standard EN ISO/IEC 17025 as amended.
3.1.4.2. Specific cases
If it seems obvious that packaging is sufficiently safe for children because they cannot get access to the contents without the help of a tool, the test referred to in section 3.1.2 or 3.1.3 does not need to be performed.
In all other cases and when there are sufficient grounds for doubting the security of the closure for a child, the national authority may ask the person responsible for putting the product on the market to give it a certificate from a certifying laboratory, referred to in section 3.1.4.1, stating that either:
- the type of closure is such that it is not necessary to perform the test referred to in section 3.1.2. or 3.1.3; or
- the closure has been tested and has been found to conform with the standards referred to above.
3.2. Tactile warnings
3.2.1. Packaging to be fitted with a tactile warning
Where substances or mixtures are supplied to the general public and classified for acute toxicity, skin corrosion, germ cell mutagenicity category 2, carcinogenicity category 2, reproductive toxicity category 2, respiratory sensitisation, or Stot, categories 1 and 2, aspiration hazard, or flammable gases, liquids and solids in categories 1 and 2, the packaging of whatever capacity, shall be fitted with a tactile warning of danger.
3.2.2 Provisions relating to tactile warning
3.2.2.1 This provision does not apply to aerosols which are only classified and labelled as "extremely flammable aerosols" or "flammable aerosols".
3.2.2.2. The technical specifications for tactile warning devices shall conform to EN ISO standard 11683 as amended "Packaging — Tactile warnings of danger-Requirements".
4. PART 4: SPECIAL RULE FOR LABELLING OF PLANT PROTECTION PRODUCTS
Without prejudice to the information required in accordance with Article 16 of Directive 91/414/EEC and Annex V of that Directive, the labelling for plant protection products subject to Directive 91/414/EEC shall also include the following wording:
EUH401 — "To avoid risks to human health and the environment, comply with the instructions for use"
5. PART 5: LIST OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES AND MIXTURES TO WHICH ARTICLE 29(3) APPLIES
- Ready mixed cement and concrete in the wet state.
--------------------------------------------------
ANNEX III
LIST OF HAZARD STATEMENTS, SUPPLEMENTAL HAZARD INFORMATION AND SUPPLEMENTAL LABEL ELEMENTS
1. Part 1: hazard statements
The hazard statements shall be applied in accordance with Parts 2, 3 and 4 of Annex I.
Table 1.1
Hazard statements for physical hazards
H200 [1] | Language | 2.1 —Explosives, Unstable explosives |
| BG | Нестабилен експлозив. |
| ES | Explosivo inestable. |
| CS | Nestabilní výbušnina. |
| DA | Ustabilt eksplosiv. |
| DE | Instabil, explosiv. |
| ET | Ebapüsiv lõhkeaine. |
| EL | Ασταθή εκρηκτικά. |
| EN | Unstable explosives. |
| FR | Explosif instable. |
| GA | Pléascáin éagobhsaí. |
| IT | Esplosivo instabile. |
| LV | Nestabili sprādzienbīstami materiāli. |
| LT | Nestabilios sprogios medžiagos. |
| HU | Instabil robbanóanyagok. |
| MT | Splussivi instabbli. |
| NL | Instabiele ontplofbare stof. |
| PL | Materiały wybuchowe niestabilne. |
| PT | Explosivo instável. |
| RO | Exploziv instabil. |
| SK | Nestabilné výbušniny. |
| SL | Nestabilni eksplozivi. |
| FI | Epästabiili räjähde. |
| SV | Instabilt explosivt. |
H201 | Language | 2.1 —Explosives, Division 1.1 |
| BG | Експлозив; опасност от масова експлозия. |
| ES | Explosivo; peligro de explosión en masa. |
| CS | Výbušnina; nebezpečí masivního výbuchu. |
| DA | Eksplosiv, masseeksplosionsfare. |
| DE | Explosiv, Gefahr der Massenexplosion. |
| ET | Plahvatusohtlik; massiplahvatusoht. |
| EL | Εκρηκτικό· κίνδυνος μαζικής έκρηξης. |
| EN | Explosive; mass explosion hazard. |
| FR | Explosif; danger d'explosion en masse. |
| GA | Pléascach; guais mhórphléasctha. |
| IT | Esplosivo; pericolo di esplosione di massa. |
| LV | Sprādzienbīstams; masveida sprādzienbīstamība. |
| LT | Sprogios medžiagos, kelia masinio sprogimo pavojų. |
| HU | Robbanóanyag; teljes tömeg felrobbanásának veszélye. |
| MT | Splussiv; periklu li jisplodu kollha f'daqqa. |
| NL | Ontplofbare stof; gevaar voor massa-explosie. |
| PL | Materiał wybuchowy; zagrożenie wybuchem masowym. |
| PT | Explosivo; perigo de explosão em massa. |
| RO | Exploziv; pericol de explozie în masă. |
| SK | Výbušnina, nebezpečenstvo rozsiahleho výbuchu. |
| SL | Eksplozivno; nevarnost eksplozije v masi. |
| FI | Räjähde; massaräjähdysvaara. |
| SV | Explosivt. Fara för massexplosion. |
H202 | Language | 2.1 —Explosives, Division 1.2 |
| BG | Експлозив; сериозна опасност от разпръскване. |
| ES | Explosivo; grave peligro de proyección. |
| CS | Výbušnina; vážné nebezpečí zasažení částicemi. |
| DA | Eksplosiv, alvorlig fare for udslyngning af fragmenter. |
| DE | Explosiv; große Gefahr durch Splitter, Spreng- und Wurfstücke. |
| ET | Plahvatusohtlik; suur laialipaiskumisoht. |
| EL | Εκρηκτικό· σοβαρός κίνδυνος εκτόξευσης. |
| EN | Explosive, severe projection hazard. |
| FR | Explosif; danger sérieux de projection. |
| GA | Pléascach, guais throm teilgin. |
| IT | Esplosivo; grave pericolo di proiezione. |
| LV | Sprādzienbīstams; augsta izmetes bīstamība. |
| LT | Sprogios medžiagos, kelia didelį išsvaidymo pavojų. |
| HU | Robbanóanyag; kivetés súlyos veszélye. |
| MT | Splussiv, periklu serju ta' projezzjoni. |
| NL | Ontplofbare stof, ernstig gevaar voor scherfwerking. |
| PL | Materiał wybuchowy, poważne zagrożenie rozrzutem. |
| PT | Explosivo, perigo grave de projecções. |
| RO | Exploziv; pericol grav de proiectare. |
| SK | Výbušnina, závažné nebezpečenstvo rozletenia úlomkov. |
| SL | Eksplozivno, velika nevarnost za nastanek drobcev. |
| FI | Räjähde; vakava sirpalevaara. |
| SV | Explosivt. Allvarlig fara för splitter och kaststycken. |
H203 | Language | 2.1 —Explosives, Division 1.3 |
| BG | Експлозив; опасност от пожар, взрив или разпръскване. |
| ES | Explosivo; peligro de incendio, de onda expansiva o de proyección. |
| CS | Výbušnina; nebezpečí požáru, tlakové vlny nebo zasažení částicemi. |
| DA | Eksplosiv, fare for brand, eksplosion eller udslyngning af fragmenter. |
| DE | Explosiv; Gefahr durch Feuer, Luftdruck oder Splitter, Spreng- und Wurfstücke. |
| ET | Plahvatusohtlik; süttimis-, plahvatus- või laialipaiskumisoht. |
| EL | Εκρηκτικό· κίνδυνος πυρκαγιάς, ανατίναξης ή εκτόξευσης. |
| EN | Explosive; fire, blast or projection hazard. |
| FR | Explosif; danger d'incendie, d'effet de souffle ou de projection. |
| GA | Pléascach; guais dóiteáin, phléasctha nó teilgin. |
| IT | Esplosivo; pericolo di incendio, di spostamento d'aria o di proiezione. |
| LV | Sprādzienbīstams; uguns, triecienviļņa vai izmetes bīstamība. |
| LT | Sprogios medžiagos, kelia gaisro, sprogimo arba išsvaidymo pavojų. |
| HU | Robbanóanyag; tűz, robbanás vagy kivetés veszélye. |
| MT | Splussiv; periklu ta' nar, blast jew projezzjoni. |
| NL | Ontplofbare stof; gevaar voor brand, luchtdrukwerking of scherfwerking. |
| PL | Materiał wybuchowy; zagrożenie pożarem, wybuchem lub rozrzutem. |
| PT | Explosivo; perigo de incêndio, sopro ou projecções. |
| RO | Exploziv; pericol de incendiu, detonare sau proiectare. |
| SK | Výbušnina, nebezpečenstvo požiaru, výbuchu alebo rozletenia úlomkov. |
| SL | Eksplozivno; nevarnost za nastanek požara, udarnega vala ali drobcev. |
| FI | Räjähde; palo-, räjähdys- tai sirpalevaara. |
| SV | Explosivt. Fara för brand, tryckvåg eller splitter och kaststycken. |
H204 | Language | 2.1 —Explosives, Division 1.4 |
| BG | Опасност от пожар или разпръскване. |
| ES | Peligro de incendio o de proyección. |
| CS | Nebezpečí požáru nebo zasažení částicemi. |
| DA | Fare for brand eller udslyngning af fragmenter. |
| DE | Gefahr durch Feuer oder Splitter, Spreng- und Wurfstücke. |
| ET | Süttimis- või laialipaiskumisoht. |
| EL | Κίνδυνος πυρκαγιάς ή εκτόξευσης. |
| EN | Fire or projection hazard. |
| FR | Danger d'incendie ou de projection. |
| GA | Guais dóiteáin nó teilgin. |
| IT | Pericolo di incendio o di proiezione. |
| LV | Uguns vai izmetes bīstamība. |
| LT | Gaisro arba išsvaidymo pavojus. |
| HU | Tűz vagy kivetés veszélye. |
| MT | Periklu ta' nar jew ta' projezzjoni. |
| NL | Gevaar voor brand of scherfwerking. |
| PL | Zagrożenie pożarem lub rozrzutem. |
| PT | Perigo de incêndio ou projecções. |
| RO | Pericol de incendiu sau de proiectare. |
| SK | Nebezpečenstvo požiaru alebo rozletenia úlomkov. |
| SL | Nevarnost za nastanek požara ali drobcev. |
| FI | Palo- tai sirpalevaara. |
| SV | Fara för brand eller splitter och kaststycken. |
H205 | Language | 2.1 —Explosives, Division 1.5 |
| BG | Може да предизвика масова експлозия при пожар. |
| ES | Peligro de explosión en masa en caso de incendio. |
| CS | Při požáru může způsobit masivní výbuch. |
| DA | Fare for masseeksplosion ved brand. |
| DE | Gefahr der Massenexplosion bei Feuer. |
| ET | Süttimise korral massiplahvatusoht. |
| EL | Κίνδυνος μαζικής έκρηξης σε περίπτωση πυρκαγιάς. |
| EN | May mass explode in fire. |
| FR | Danger d'explosion en masse en cas d'incendie. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé go mbeadh mórphléascadh i dtine. |
| IT | Pericolo di esplosione di massa in caso d'incendio. |
| LV | Ugunī var masveidā eksplodēt. |
| LT | Per gaisrą gali sukelti masinį sprogimą. |
| HU | Tűz hatására a teljes tömeg felrobbanhat. |
| MT | Jista' jisplodi f'daqqa fin-nar. |
| NL | Gevaar voor massa-explosie bij brand. |
| PL | Może wybuchać masowo w przypadku pożaru. |
| PT | Perigo de explosão em massa em caso de incêndio. |
| RO | Pericol de explozie în masă în caz de incendiu. |
| SK | Nebezpečenstvo rozsiahleho výbuchu pri požiari. |
| SL | Pri požaru lahko eksplodira v masi. |
| FI | Koko massa voi räjähtää tulessa. |
| SV | Fara för massexplosion vid brand. |
H220 | Language | 2.2 —Flammable gases, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Изключително запалим газ. |
| ES | Gas extremadamente inflamable. |
| CS | Extrémně hořlavý plyn. |
| DA | Yderst brandfarlig gas. |
| DE | Extrem entzündbares Gas. |
| ET | Eriti tuleohtlik gaas. |
| EL | Εξαιρετικά εύφλεκτο αέριο. |
| EN | Extremely flammable gas. |
| FR | Gaz extrêmement inflammable. |
| GA | Gás fíor-inadhainte. |
| IT | Gas altamente infiammabile. |
| LV | Īpaši viegli uzliesmojoša gāze. |
| LT | Ypač degios dujos. |
| HU | Rendkívül tűzveszélyes gáz. |
| MT | Gass li jaqbad malajr ħafna. |
| NL | Zeer licht ontvlambaar gas. |
| PL | Skrajnie łatwopalny gaz. |
| PT | Gás extremamente inflamável. |
| RO | Gaz extrem de inflamabil. |
| SK | Mimoriadne horľavý plyn. |
| SL | Zelo lahko vnetljiv plin. |
| FI | Erittäin helposti syttyvä kaasu. |
| SV | Extremt brandfarlig gas. |
H221 | Language | 2.2 —Flammable gases, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Запалим газ. |
| ES | Gas inflamable. |
| CS | Hořlavý plyn. |
| DA | Brandfarlig gas. |
| DE | Entzündbares Gas. |
| ET | Tuleohtlik gaas. |
| EL | Εύφλεκτο αέριο. |
| EN | Flammable gas. |
| FR | Gaz inflammable. |
| GA | Gás inadhainte. |
| IT | Gas infiammabile. |
| LV | Uzliesmojoša gāze. |
| LT | Degios dujos. |
| HU | Tűzveszélyes gáz. |
| MT | Gass li jaqbad. |
| NL | Ontvlambaar gas. |
| PL | Gaz łatwopalny. |
| PT | Gás inflamável. |
| RO | Gaz inflamabil. |
| SK | Horľavý plyn. |
| SL | Vnetljiv plin. |
| FI | Syttyvä kaasu. |
| SV | Brandfarlig gas. |
H222 | Language | 2.3 —Flammable aerosols, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Изключително запалим аерозол. |
| ES | Aerosol extremadamente inflamable. |
| CS | Extrémně hořlavý aerosol. |
| DA | Yderst brandfarlig aerosol. |
| DE | Extrem entzündbares Aerosol. |
| ET | Eriti tuleohtlik aerosool. |
| EL | Εξαιρετικά εύφλεκτο αερόλυμα. |
| EN | Extremely flammable aerosol. |
| FR | Aérosol extrêmement inflammable. |
| GA | Aerasól fíor-inadhainte. |
| IT | Aerosol altamente infiammabile. |
| LV | Īpaši viegli uzliesmojošs aerosols. |
| LT | Ypač degus aerozolis. |
| HU | Rendkívül tűzveszélyes aeroszol. |
| MT | Aerosol li jaqbad malajr ħafna. |
| NL | Zeer licht ontvlambare aerosol. |
| PL | Skrajnie łatwopalny aerozol. |
| PT | Aerossol extremamente inflamável. |
| RO | Aerosol extrem de inflamabil. |
| SK | Mimoriadne horľavý aerosól. |
| SL | Zelo lahko vnetljiv aerosol. |
| FI | Erittäin helposti syttyvä aerosoli. |
| SV | Extremt brandfarlig aerosol. |
H223 | Language | 2.3 —Flammable aerosols, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Запалим аерозол. |
| ES | Aerosol inflamable. |
| CS | Hořlavý aerosol. |
| DA | Brandfarlig aerosol. |
| DE | Entzündbares Aerosol. |
| ET | Tuleohtlik aerosool. |
| EL | Εύφλεκτο αερόλυμα. |
| EN | Flammable aerosol. |
| FR | Aérosol inflammable. |
| GA | Aerasól inadhainte. |
| IT | Aerosol infiammabile. |
| LV | Uzliesmojošs aerosols. |
| LT | Degus aerozolis. |
| HU | Tűzveszélyes aeroszol. |
| MT | Aerosol li jaqbad. |
| NL | Ontvlambare aerosol. |
| PL | Aerozol łatwopalny. |
| PT | Aerossol inflamável. |
| RO | Aerosol inflamabil. |
| SK | Horľavý aerosól. |
| SL | Vnetljiv aerosol. |
| FI | Syttyvä aerosoli. |
| SV | Brandfarlig aerosol. |
H224 | Language | 2.6 —Flammable liquids, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Изключително запалими течност и пари. |
| ES | Líquido y vapores extremadamente inflamables. |
| CS | Extrémně hořlavá kapalina a páry. |
| DA | Yderst brandfarlig væske og damp. |
| DE | Flüssigkeit und Dampf extrem entzündbar. |
| ET | Eriti tuleohtlik vedelik ja aur. |
| EL | Υγρό και ατμοί εξαιρετικά εύφλεκτα. |
| EN | Extremely flammable liquid and vapour. |
| FR | Liquide et vapeurs extrêmement inflammables. |
| GA | Leacht fíor-inadhainte agus gal fhíor-inadhainte. |
| IT | Liquido e vapori altamente infiammabili. |
| LV | Īpaši viegli uzliesmojošs šķidrums un tvaiki. |
| LT | Ypač degūs skystis ir garai. |
| HU | Rendkívül tűzveszélyes folyadék és gőz. |
| MT | Likwidu u fwar li jaqbdu malajr ħafna. |
| NL | Zeer licht ontvlambare vloeistof en damp. |
| PL | Skrajnie łatwopalna ciecz i pary. |
| PT | Líquido e vapor extremamente inflamáveis. |
| RO | Lichid şi vapori extrem de inflamabili. |
| SK | Mimoriadne horľavá kvapalina a pary. |
| SL | Zelo lahko vnetljiva tekočina in hlapi. |
| FI | Erittäin helposti syttyvä neste ja höyry. |
| SV | Extremt brandfarlig vätska och ånga. |
H225 | Language | 2.6 —Flammable liquids, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Силно запалими течност и пари. |
| ES | Líquido y vapores muy inflamables. |
| CS | Vysoce hořlavá kapalina a páry. |
| DA | Meget brandfarlig væske og damp. |
| DE | Flüssigkeit und Dampf leicht entzündbar. |
| ET | Väga tuleohtlik vedelik ja aur. |
| EL | Υγρό και ατμοί πολύ εύφλεκτα. |
| EN | Highly flammable liquid and vapour. |
| FR | Liquide et vapeurs très inflammables. |
| GA | Leacht an-inadhainte agus gal an-inadhainte. |
| IT | Liquido e vapori facilmente infiammabili. |
| LV | Viegli uzliesmojošs šķidrums un tvaiki. |
| LT | Labai degūs skystis ir garai. |
| HU | Fokozottan tűzveszélyes folyadék és gőz. |
| MT | Likwidu u fwar li jaqbdu malajr ħafna. |
| NL | Licht ontvlambare vloeistof en damp. |
| PL | Wysoce łatwopalna ciecz i pary. |
| PT | Líquido e vapor facilmente inflamáveis. |
| RO | Lichid şi vapori foarte inflamabili. |
| SK | Veľmi horľavá kvapalina a pary. |
| SL | Lahko vnetljiva tekočina in hlapi. |
| FI | Helposti syttyvä neste ja höyry. |
| SV | Mycket brandfarlig vätska och ånga. |
H226 | Language | 2.6 —Flammable liquids, Hazard Category 3 |
| BG | Запалими течност и пари. |
| ES | Líquidos y vapores inflamables. |
| CS | Hořlavá kapalina a páry. |
| DA | Brandfarlig væske og damp. |
| DE | Flüssigkeit und Dampf entzündbar. |
| ET | Tuleohtlik vedelik ja aur. |
| EL | Υγρό και ατμοί εύφλεκτα. |
| EN | Flammable liquid and vapour. |
| FR | Liquide et vapeurs inflammables. |
| GA | Leacht inadhainte agus gal inadhainte. |
| IT | Liquido e vapori infiammabili. |
| LV | Uzliesmojošs šķidrums un tvaiki. |
| LT | Degūs skystis ir garai. |
| HU | Tűzveszélyes folyadék és gőz. |
| MT | Likwidu u fwar li jaqbdu. |
| NL | Ontvlambare vloeistof en damp. |
| PL | Łatwopalna ciecz i pary. |
| PT | Líquido e vapor inflamáveis. |
| RO | Lichid şi vapori inflamabili. |
| SK | Horľavá kvapalina a pary. |
| SL | Vnetljiva tekočina in hlapi. |
| FI | Syttyvä neste ja höyry. |
| SV | Brandfarlig vätska och ånga. |
H228 | Language | 2.7 —Flammable solids, Hazard Category 1, 2 |
| BG | Запалимо твърдо вещество. |
| ES | Sólido inflamable. |
| CS | Hořlavá tuhá látka. |
| DA | Brandfarligt fast stof. |
| DE | Entzündbarer Feststoff. |
| ET | Tuleohtlik tahke aine. |
| EL | Εύφλεκτο στερεό. |
| EN | Flammable solid. |
| FR | Matière solide inflammable. |
| GA | Solad inadhainte. |
| IT | Solido infiammabile. |
| LV | Uzliesmojoša cieta viela. |
| LT | Degi kietoji medžiaga. |
| HU | Tűzveszélyes szilárd anyag. |
| MT | Solidu li jaqbad. |
| NL | Ontvlambare vaste stof. |
| PL | Substancja stała łatwopalna. |
| PT | Sólido inflamável. |
| RO | Solid inflamabil. |
| SK | Horľavá tuhá látka. |
| SL | Vnetljiva trdna snov. |
| FI | Syttyvä kiinteä aine. |
| SV | Brandfarligt fast ämne. |
H240 | Language | 2.8 —Self-Reactive Substances and Mixtures, Type A2.1.5 —Organic Peroxides, Type A |
| BG | Може да предизвика експлозия при нагряване. |
| ES | Peligro de explosión en caso de calentamiento. |
| CS | Zahřívání může způsobit výbuch. |
| DA | Eksplosionsfare ved opvarmning. |
| DE | Erwärmung kann Explosion verursachen. |
| ET | Kuumenemisel võib plahvatada. |
| EL | Η θέρμανση μπορεί να προκαλέσει έκρηξη. |
| EN | Heating may cause an explosion. |
| FR | Peut exploser sous l'effet de la chaleur. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh téamh a bheith ina chúis le pléascadh. |
| IT | Rischio di esplosione per riscaldamento. |
| LV | Sakaršana var izraisīt eksploziju. |
| LT | Kaitinant gali sprogti. |
| HU | Hő hatására robbanhat. |
| MT | It-tisħin jista' jikkawża splużjoni. |
| NL | Ontploffingsgevaar bij verwarming. |
| PL | Ogrzanie grozi wybuchem. |
| PT | Risco de explosão sob a acção do calor. |
| RO | Pericol de explozie în caz de încălzire. |
| SK | Zahrievanie môže spôsobiť výbuch. |
| SL | Segrevanje lahko povzroči eksplozijo. |
| FI | Räjähdysvaarallinen kuumennettaessa. |
| SV | Explosivt vid uppvärmning. |
H241 | Language | 2.8 —Self-Reactive Substances and Mixtures, Type B2.1.5 —Organic Peroxides, Type B |
| BG | Може да предизвика пожар или експлозия при нагряване. |
| ES | Peligro de incendio o explosión en caso de calentamiento. |
| CS | Zahřívání může způsobit požár nebo výbuch. |
| DA | Brand- eller eksplosionsfare ved opvarmning. |
| DE | Erwärmung kann Brand oder Explosion verursachen. |
| ET | Kuumenemisel võib süttida või plahvatada. |
| EL | Η θέρμανση μπορεί να προκαλέσει πυρκαγιά ή έκρηξη. |
| EN | Heating may cause a fire or explosion. |
| FR | Peut s'enflammer ou exploser sous l'effet de la chaleur. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh téamh a bheith ina chúis le dóiteán nó le pléascadh. |
| IT | Rischio d'incendio o di esplosione per riscaldamento. |
| LV | Sakaršana var izraisīt degšanu vai eksploziju. |
| LT | Kaitinant gali sukelti gaisrą arba sprogti. |
| HU | Hő hatására meggyulladhat vagy robbanhat. |
| MT | It-tisħin jista' jikkawża nar jew splużjoni. |
| NL | Brand- of ontploffingsgevaar bij verwarming. |
| PL | Ogrzanie może spowodować pożar lub wybuch. |
| PT | Risco de explosão ou de incêndio sob a acção do calor. |
| RO | Pericol de incendiu sau de explozie în caz de încălzire. |
| SK | Zahrievanie môže spôsobiť požiar alebo výbuch. |
| SL | Segrevanje lahko povzroči požar ali eksplozijo. |
| FI | Räjähdys- tai palovaarallinen kuumennettaessa. |
| SV | Brandfarligt eller explosivt vid uppvärmning. |
H242 | Language | 2.8 —Self-Reactive Substances and Mixtures, Types C, D, E, F2.1.5 —Organic Peroxides, Types C, D, E, F |
| BG | Може да предизвика пожар при нагряване. |
| ES | Peligro de incendio en caso de calentamiento. |
| CS | Zahřívání může způsobit požár. |
| DA | Brandfare ved opvarmning. |
| DE | Erwärmung kann Brand verursachen. |
| ET | Kuumenemisel võib süttida. |
| EL | Η θέρμανση μπορεί να προκαλέσει πυρκαγιά. |
| EN | Heating may cause a fire. |
| FR | Peut s'enflammer sous l'effet de la chaleur. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh téamh a bheith ina chúis le dóiteán. |
| IT | Rischio d'incendio per riscaldamento. |
| LV | Sakaršana var izraisīt degšanu. |
| LT | Kaitinant gali sukelti gaisrą. |
| HU | Hő hatására meggyulladhat. |
| MT | It-tisħin jista' jikkawża nar. |
| NL | Brandgevaar bij verwarming. |
| PL | Ogrzanie może spowodować pożar. |
| PT | Risco de incêndio sob a acção do calor. |
| RO | Pericol de incendiu în caz de încălzire. |
| SK | Zahrievanie môže spôsobiť požiar. |
| SL | Segrevanje lahko povzroči požar. |
| FI | Palovaarallinen kuumennettaessa. |
| SV | Brandfarligt vid uppvärmning. |
H250 | Language | 2.9 —Pyrophoric Liquids, Hazard Category 12.10 —Pyorphoric Solids, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Самозапалва се при контакт с въздух. |
| ES | Se inflama espontáneamente en contacto con el aire. |
| CS | Při styku se vzduchem se samovolně vznítí. |
| DA | Selvantænder ved kontakt med luft. |
| DE | Entzündet sich in Berührung mit Luft von selbst. |
| ET | Kokkupuutel õhuga süttib iseenesest. |
| EL | Αυταναφλέγεται εάν εκτεθεί στον αέρα. |
| EN | Catches fire spontaneously if exposed to air. |
| FR | S'enflamme spontanément au contact de l'air. |
| GA | Téann trí thine go spontáineach má nochtar don aer. |
| IT | Spontaneamente infiammabile all'aria. |
| LV | Spontāni aizdegas saskarē ar gaisu. |
| LT | Veikiami oro savaime užsidega. |
| HU | Levegővel érintkezve önmagától meggyullad. |
| MT | Jieħu n-nar spontanjament jekk ikun espost għall-arja. |
| NL | Vat spontaan vlam bij blootstelling aan lucht. |
| PL | Zapala się samorzutnie w przypadku wystawienia na działanie powietrza. |
| PT | Risco de inflamação espontânea em contacto com o ar. |
| RO | Se aprinde spontan, în contact cu aerul. |
| SK | Pri kontakte so vzduchuom sa spontánne vznieti. |
| SL | Samodejno se vžge na zraku. |
| FI | Syttyy itsestään palamaan joutuessaan kosketuksiin ilman kanssa. |
| SV | Spontanantänder vid kontakt med luft. |
H251 | Language | 2.11 —Self-Heating Substances and Mixtures, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Самонагряващо се: може да се запали. |
| ES | Se calienta espontáneamente; puede inflamarse. |
| CS | Samovolně se zahřívá: může se vznítit. |
| DA | Selvopvarmende, kan selvantænde. |
| DE | Selbsterhitzungsfähig; kann in Brand geraten. |
| ET | Isekuumenev, võib süttida. |
| EL | Αυτοθερμαίνεται: μπορεί να αναφλεγεί. |
| EN | Self-heating: may catch fire. |
| FR | Matière auto-échauffante; peut s'enflammer. |
| GA | Féintéamh: d'fhéadfadh sé dul trí thine. |
| IT | Autoriscaldante; può infiammarsi. |
| LV | Pašsasilstošs; var aizdegties. |
| LT | Savaime kaistančios, gali užsidegti. |
| HU | Önmelegedő: meggyulladhat. |
| MT | Jisħon waħdu: jista' jieħu n-nar. |
| NL | Vatbaar voor zelfverhitting: kan vlam vatten. |
| PL | Substancja samonagrzewająca się: może się zapalić. |
| PT | Susceptível de auto-aquecimento: risco de inflamação. |
| RO | Se autoîncălzeşte, pericol de aprindere. |
| SK | Samovoľne sa zahrieva; môže sa vznietiť. |
| SL | Samosegrevanje: lahko povzroči požar. |
| FI | Itsestään kuumeneva; voi syttyä palamaan. |
| SV | Självupphettande. Kan börja brinna. |
H252 | Language | 2.11 —Self-Heating Substances and Mixtures, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Самонагряващо се в големи количества; може да се запали. |
| ES | Se calienta espontáneamente en grandes cantidades; puede inflamarse. |
| CS | Ve velkém množství se samovolně zahřívá; může se vznítit. |
| DA | Selvopvarmende i store mængder, kan selvantænde. |
| DE | In großen Mengen selbsterhitzungsfähig; kann in Brand geraten. |
| ET | Suurtes kogustes isekuumenev, võib süttida. |
| EL | Σε μεγάλες ποσότητες αυτοθερμαίνεται: μπορεί να αναφλεγεί. |
| EN | Self-heating in large quantities; may catch fire. |
| FR | Matière auto-échauffante en grandes quantités; peut s'enflammer. |
| GA | Féintéamh ina mhórchainníochtaí; d'fhéadfadh sé dul trí thine. |
| IT | Autoriscaldante in grandi quantità; può infiammarsi. |
| LV | Lielos apjomos pašsasilstošs; var aizdegties. |
| LT | Laikant dideliais kiekiais savaime kaista, gali užsidegti. |
| HU | Nagy mennyiségben önmelegedő; meggyulladhat. |
| MT | Jisħon waħdu f'kwantitajiet kbar; jista' jieħu n-nar. |
| NL | In grote hoeveelheden vatbaar voor zelfverhitting; kan vlam vatten. |
| PL | Substancja samonagrzewająca się w dużych ilościach; może się zapalić. |
| PT | Susceptível de auto-aquecimento em grandes quantidades: risco de inflamação. |
| RO | Se autoîncălzeşte, în cantităţi mari pericol de aprindere. |
| SK | Vo veľkých množstvách sa samovoľne zahrieva; môže sa vznietiť. |
| SL | Samosegrevanje v velikih količinah; lahko povzroči požar. |
| FI | Suurina määrinä itsestään kuumeneva; voi syttyä palamaan. |
| SV | Självupphettande i stora mängder. Kan börja brinna. |
H260 | Language | 2.12 —Substances and Mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | При контакт с вода отделя запалими газове, които могат да се самозапалят. |
| ES | En contacto con el agua desprende gases inflamables que pueden inflamarse espontáneamente. |
| CS | Při styku s vodou uvolňuje hořlavé plyny, které se mohou samovolně vznítit. |
| DA | Ved kontakt med vand udvikles brandfarlige gasser, som kan selvantænde. |
| DE | In Berührung mit Wasser entstehen entzündbare Gase, die sich spontan entzünden können. |
| ET | Kokkupuutel veega eraldab tuleohtlikke gaase, mis võivad iseenesest süttida. |
| EL | Σε επαφή με το νερό ελευθερώνει εύφλεκτα αέρια τα οποία μπορούν να αυτοαναφλεγούν. |
| EN | In contact with water releases flammable gases which may ignite spontaneously. |
| FR | Dégage au contact de l'eau des gaz inflammables qui peuvent s'enflammer spontanément. |
| GA | I dteagmháil le huisce scaoiltear gáis inadhainte a d'fhéadfadh uathadhaint. |
| IT | A contatto con l'acqua libera gas infiammabili che possono infiammarsi spontaneamente. |
| LV | Nonākot saskarē ar ūdeni, izdala uzliesmojošas gāzes, kas var spontāni aizdegties. |
| LT | Kontaktuodami su vandeniu išskiria degias dujas, kurios gali savaime užsidegti. |
| HU | Vízzel érintkezve öngyulladásra hajlamos tűzveszélyes gázokat bocsát ki. |
| MT | Meta jmiss ma' l-ilma jerħi gassijiet li jaqbdu li jistgħu jieħdu n-nar spontanjament. |
| NL | In contact met water komen ontvlambare gassen vrij die spontaan kunnen ontbranden. |
| PL | W kontakcie z wodą uwalniają łatwopalne gazy, które mogą ulegać samozapaleniu. |
| PT | Em contacto com a água liberta gases que se podem inflamar espontaneamente. |
| RO | În contact cu apa degajă gaze inflamabile care se pot aprinde spontan. |
| SK | Pri kontakte s vodou uvoľňuje horľavé plyny, ktoré sa môžu spontánne zapáliť. |
| SL | V stiku z vodo se sproščajo vnetljivi plini, ki se lahko samodejno vžgejo. |
| FI | Kehittää itsestään syttyviä kaasuja veden kanssa. |
| SV | Vid kontakt med vatten utvecklas brandfarliga gaser som kan självantända. |
H261 | Language | 2.12 —Substances and Mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | При контакт с вода отделя запалими газове. |
| ES | En contacto con el agua desprende gases inflamables. |
| CS | Při styku s vodou uvolňuje hořlavé plyny. |
| DA | Ved kontakt med vand udvikles brandfarlige gasser. |
| DE | In Berührung mit Wasser entstehen entzündbare Gase. |
| ET | Kokkupuutel veega eraldab tuleohtlikke gaase. |
| EL | Σε επαφή με το νερό ελευθερώνει εύφλεκτα αέρια. |
| EN | In contact with water releases flammable gases. |
| FR | Dégage au contact de l'eau des gaz inflammables. |
| GA | I dteagmháil le huisce scaoiltear gáis inadhainte. |
| IT | A contatto con l'acqua libera gas infiammabili. |
| LV | Nonākot saskarē ar ūdeni, izdala uzliesmojošu gāzi. |
| LT | Kontaktuodami su vandeniu išskiria degias dujas |
| HU | Vízzel érintkezve tűzveszélyes gázokat bocsát ki. |
| MT | Meta jmiss ma' l-ilma jerħi gassijiet li jaqbdu. |
| NL | In contact met water komen ontvlambare gassen vrij. |
| PL | W kontakcie z wodą uwalnia łatwopalne gazy. |
| PT | Em contacto com a água liberta gases inflamáveis. |
| RO | În contact cu apa degajă gaze inflamabile. |
| SK | Pri kontakte s vodou uvoľňuje horľavé plyny. |
| SL | V stiku z vodo se sproščajo vnetljivi plini. |
| FI | Kehittää syttyviä kaasuja veden kanssa. |
| SV | Vid kontakt med vatten utvecklas brandfarliga gaser. |
H270 | Language | 2.4 —Oxidising Gases, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Може да предивзика или усили пожар; окислител. |
| ES | Puede provocar o agravar un incendio; comburente. |
| CS | Může způsobit nebo zesílit požár; oxidant. |
| DA | Kan forårsage eller forstærke brand, brandnærende. |
| DE | Kann Brand verursachen oder verstärken; Oxidationsmittel. |
| ET | Võib põhjustada süttimise või soodustada põlemist; oksüdeerija. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει ή να αναζωπυρώσει πυρκαγιά· οξειδωτικό. |
| EN | May cause or intensify fire; oxidiser. |
| FR | Peut provoquer ou aggraver un incendie; comburant. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le tine nó cur le tine; ocsaídeoir. |
| IT | Può provocare o aggravare un incendio; comburente. |
| LV | Var izraisīt vai pastiprināt degšanu, oksidētājs. |
| LT | Gali sukelti arba padidinti gaisrą, oksidatorius. |
| HU | Tüzet okozhat vagy fokozhatja a tűz intenzitását, oxidáló hatású. |
| MT | Jista' jikkawża jew iżid in-nar; ossidant. |
| NL | Kan brand veroorzaken of bevorderen; oxiderend. |
| PL | Może spowodować lub intensyfikować pożar; utleniacz. |
| PT | Pode provocar ou agravar incêndios; comburente. |
| RO | Poate provoca sau agrava un incendiu; oxidant. |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť alebo prispieť k rozvoju požiaru; oxidačné činidlo. |
| SL | Lahko povzroči ali okrepi požar; oksidativna snov. |
| FI | Aiheuttaa tulipalon vaaran tai edistää tulipaloa; hapettava. |
| SV | Kan orsaka eller intensifiera brand. Oxiderande. |
H271 | Language | 2.13 —Oxidising Liquids, Hazard Category 12.14 —Oxidising Solids, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Може да предизвика пожар или експлозия; силен окислител. |
| ES | Puede provocar un incendio o una explosión; muy comburente. |
| CS | Může způsobit požár nebo výbuch; silný oxidant. |
| DA | Kan forårsage brand eller eksplosion, stærkt brandnærende. |
| DE | Kann Brand oder Explosion verursachen; starkes Oxidationsmittel. |
| ET | Võib põhjustada süttimise või plahvatuse; tugev oksüdeerija. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει πυρκαγιά ή έκρηξη· ισχυρό οξειδωτικό. |
| EN | May cause fire or explosion; strong oxidiser. |
| FR | Peut provoquer un incendie ou une explosion; comburant puissant. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le tine nó le pléascadh; an-ocsaídeoir. |
| IT | Può provocare un incendio o un'esplosione; molto comburente. |
| LV | Var izraisīt degšanu vai eksploziju, oksidētājs. |
| LT | Gali sukelti gaisrą arba sprogimą, stiprus oksidatorius. |
| HU | Tüzet vagy robbanást okozhat; erősen oxidáló hatású. |
| MT | Jista' jikkawża nar jew splużjoni; ossidant qawwi. |
| NL | Kan brand of ontploffingen veroorzaken; sterk oxiderend. |
| PL | Może spowodować pożar lub wybuch; silny utleniacz. |
| PT | Risco de incêndio ou de explosão; muito comburente. |
| RO | Poate provoca un incendiu sau o explozie; oxidant puternic. |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť požiar alebo výbuch; silné oxidačné činidlo. |
| SL | Lahko povzroči požar ali eksplozijo; močna oksidativna snov. |
| FI | Aiheuttaa tulipalo- tai räjähdysvaaran; voimakkaasti hapettava. |
| SV | Kan orsaka brand eller explosion. Starkt oxiderande. |
H272 | Language | 2.13 —Oxidising Liquids, Hazard Category 2, 32.14 —Oxidising Solids, Hazard Category 2, 3 |
| BG | Може да усили пожара; окислител. |
| ES | Puede agravar un incendio; comburente. |
| CS | Může zesílit požár; oxidant. |
| DA | Kan forstærke brand, brandnærende. |
| DE | Kann Brand verstärken; Oxidationsmittel. |
| ET | Võib soodustada põlemist; oksüdeerija. |
| EL | Μπορεί να αναζωπυρώσει την πυρκαγιά· οξειδωτικό. |
| EN | May intensify fire; oxidiser. |
| FR | Peut aggraver un incendie; comburant. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé cur le tine; ocsaídeoir. |
| IT | Può aggravare un incendio; comburente. |
| LV | Var pastiprināt degšanu; oksidētājs. |
| LT | Gali padidinti gaisrą, oksidatorius. |
| HU | Fokozhatja a tűz intenzitását; oxidáló hatású. |
| MT | Jista' jżid in-nar; ossidant. |
| NL | Kan brand bevorderen; oxiderend. |
| PL | Może intensyfikować pożar; utleniacz. |
| PT | Pode agravar incêndios; comburente. |
| RO | Poate agrava un incendiu; oxidant. |
| SK | Môže prispieť k rozvoju požiaru; oxidačné činidlo. |
| SL | Lahko okrepi požar; oksidativna snov. |
| FI | Voi edistää tulipaloa; hapettava. |
| SV | Kan intensifiera brand. Oxiderande. |
H280 | Language | 2.5 —Gases under pressure:Compressed gasLiquefied gasDissolved gas |
| BG | Съдържа газ под налягане; може да експлодира при нагряване. |
| ES | Contiene gas a presión; peligro de explosión en caso de calentamiento. |
| CS | Obsahuje plyn pod tlakem; při zahřívání může vybuchnout. |
| DA | Indeholder gas under tryk, kan eksplodere ved opvarmning. |
| DE | Enthält Gas unter Druck; kann bei Erwärmung explodieren. |
| ET | Sisaldab rõhu all olevat gaasi, kuumenemisel võib plahvatada. |
| EL | Περιέχει αέριο υπό πίεση· εάν θερμανθεί, μπορεί να εκραγεί. |
| EN | Contains gas under pressure; may explode if heated. |
| FR | Contient un gaz sous pression; peut exploser sous l'effet de la chaleur. |
| GA | Gás istigh ann, faoi bhrú; d'fhéadfadh sé pléascadh, má théitear. |
| IT | Contiene gas sotto pressione; può esplodere se riscaldato. |
| LV | Satur gāzi zem spiediena; karstumā var eksplodēt. |
| LT | Turi slėgio veikiamų dujų, kaitinant gali sprogti. |
| HU | Nyomás alatt lévő gázt tartalmaz; hő hatására robbanhat. |
| MT | Fih gass taħt pressjoni; jista' jisplodi jekk jissaħħan. |
| NL | Bevat gas onder druk; kan ontploffen bij verwarming. |
| PL | Zawiera gaz pod ciśnieniem; ogrzanie grozi wybuchem. |
| PT | Contém gás sob pressão; risco de explosão sob a acção do calor. |
| RO | Conţine un gaz sub presiune; pericol de explozie în caz de încălzire. |
| SK | Obsahuje plyn pod tlakom, pri zahriatí môže vybuchnúť. |
| SL | Vsebuje plin pod tlakom; segrevanje lahko povzroči eksplozijo. |
| FI | Sisältää paineen alaista kaasua; voi räjähtää kuumennettaessa. |
| SV | Innehåller gas under tryck. Kan explodera vid uppvärmning. |
H281 | Language | 2.5 —Gases under pressure: Refrigerated liquefied gas |
| BG | Съдържа охладен газ; може да причини криогенни изгаряния или наранявания. |
| ES | Contiene un gas refrigerado; puede provocar quemaduras o lesiones criogénicas. |
| CS | Obsahuje zchlazený plyn; může způsobit omrzliny nebo poškození chladem. |
| DA | Indeholder nedkølet gas, kan forårsage kuldeskader. |
| DE | Enthält tiefkaltes Gas; kann Kälteverbrennungen oder -Verletzungen verursachen. |
| ET | Sisaldab külmutatud gaasi; võib põhjustada külmapõletusi või -kahjustusi. |
| EL | Περιέχει αέριο υπό ψύξη· μπορεί να προκαλέσει εγκαύματα ψύχους ή τραυματισμούς. |
| EN | Contains refrigerated gas; may cause cryogenic burns or injury. |
| FR | Contient un gaz réfrigéré; peut causer des brûlures ou blessures cryogéniques. |
| GA | Gás cuisnithe istigh ann; d'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le dónna crióigineacha nó le díobháil chrióigineach. |
| IT | Contiene gas refrigerato; può provocare ustioni o lesioni criogeniche. |
| LV | Satur atdzesētu gāzi; var radīt kriogēnus apdegumus vai ievainojumus. |
| LT | Turi atšaldytų dujų, gali sukelti kriogeninius nušalimus arba pažeidimus. |
| HU | Mélyhűtött gázt tartalmaz; fagymarást vagy sérülést okozhat. |
| MT | Fih gass imkessaħ; jista' jikkawża ħruq jew dannu minn temperaturi baxxi. |
| NL | Bevat sterk gekoeld gas; kan cryogene brandwonden of letsel veroorzaken. |
| PL | Zawiera schłodzony gaz; może spowodować oparzenia kriogeniczne lub obrażenia. |
| PT | Contém gás refrigerado; pode provocar queimaduras ou lesões criogénicas. |
| RO | Conţine un gaz răcit; poate cauza arsuri sau leziuni criogenice. |
| SK | Obsahuje schladený plyn; môže spôsobiť kryogénne popáleniny alebo poranenia. |
| SL | Vsebuje ohlajen utekočinjen plin; lahko povzroči ozebline ali poškodbe. |
| FI | Sisältää jäähdytettyä kaasua; voi aiheuttaa jäätymisvamman. |
| SV | Innehåller kyld gas. Kan orsaka svåra köldskador. |
H290 | Language | 2.16 —Corrosive to metals, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Може да бъде корозивно за металите. |
| ES | Puede ser corrosivo para los metales. |
| CS | Může být korozivní pro kovy. |
| DA | Kan ætse metaller. |
| DE | Kann gegenüber Metallen korrosiv sein. |
| ET | Võib söövitada metalle. |
| EL | Μπορεί να διαβρώσει μέταλλα. |
| EN | May be corrosive to metals. |
| FR | Peut être corrosif pour les métaux. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith creimneach do mhiotail. |
| IT | Può essere corrosivo per i metalli. |
| LV | Var kodīgi iedarboties uz metāliem. |
| LT | Gali ėsdinti metalus. |
| HU | Fémekre korrozív hatású lehet. |
| MT | Jista' jkun korrużiv għall-metalli. |
| NL | Kan bijtend zijn voor metalen. |
| PL | Może powodować korozję metali. |
| PT | Pode ser corrosivo para os metais. |
| RO | Poate fi corosiv pentru metale. |
| SK | Môže byť korozívna pre kovy. |
| SL | Lahko je jedko za kovine. |
| FI | Voi syövyttää metalleja. |
| SV | Kan vara korrosivt för metaller. |
Table 1.2
Hazard statements for health hazards
H300 | Language | 3.1 —Acute toxicity (oral), Hazard Category 1, 2 |
| BG | Смъртоносeн при поглъщане. |
| ES | Mortal en caso de ingestión. |
| CS | Při požití může způsobit smrt. |
| DA | Livsfarlig ved indtagelse. |
| DE | Lebensgefahr bei Verschlucken. |
| ET | Allaneelamisel surmav. |
| EL | Θανατηφόρο σε περίπτωση κατάποσης. |
| EN | Fatal if swallowed. |
| FR | Mortel en cas d'ingestion. |
| GA | Marfach má shlogtar. |
| IT | Letale se ingerito. |
| LV | Norijot iestājas nāve. |
| LT | Mirtina prarijus. |
| HU | Lenyelve halálos. |
| MT | Fatali jekk jinbela’. |
| NL | Dodelijk bij inslikken. |
| PL | Połknięcie grozi śmiercią. |
| PT | Mortal por ingestão. |
| RO | Mortal în caz de înghiţire. |
| SK | Smrteľný po požití. |
| SL | Smrtno pri zaužitju. |
| FI | Tappavaa nieltynä. |
| SV | Dödligt vid förtäring. |
H301 | Language | 3.1 —Acute toxicity (oral), Hazard Category 3 |
| BG | Токсичен при поглъщане. |
| ES | Tóxico en caso de ingestión. |
| CS | Toxický při požití. |
| DA | Giftig ved indtagelse. |
| DE | Giftig bei Verschlucken. |
| ET | Allaneelamisel mürgine. |
| EL | Τοξικό σε περίπτωση κατάποσης. |
| EN | Toxic if swallowed. |
| FR | Toxique en cas d'ingestion. |
| GA | Tocsaineach má shlogtar. |
| IT | Tossico se ingerito. |
| LV | Toksisks, ja norij. |
| LT | Toksiška prarijus. |
| HU | Lenyelve mérgező. |
| MT | Tossiku jekk jinbela’. |
| NL | Giftig bij inslikken. |
| PL | Działa toksycznie po połknięciu. |
| PT | Tóxico por ingestão. |
| RO | Toxic în caz de înghiţire. |
| SK | Toxický po požití. |
| SL | Strupeno pri zaužitju. |
| FI | Myrkyllistä nieltynä. |
| SV | Giftigt vid förtäring. |
H302 | Language | 3.1— Acute toxicity (oral), Hazard Category 4 |
| BG | Вреден при поглъщане. |
| ES | Nocivo en caso de ingestión. |
| CS | Zdraví škodlivý při požití. |
| DA | Farlig ved indtagelse. |
| DE | Gesundheitsschädlich bei Verschlucken. |
| ET | Allaneelamisel kahjulik. |
| EL | Επιβλαβές σε περίπτωση κατάποσης. |
| EN | Harmful if swallowed. |
| FR | Nocif en cas d'ingestion. |
| GA | Díobhálach má shlogtar. |
| IT | Nocivo se ingerito. |
| LV | Kaitīgs, ja norij. |
| LT | Kenksminga prarijus. |
| HU | Lenyelve ártalmas. |
| MT | Jagħmel il-ħsara jekk jinbela’. |
| NL | Schadelijk bij inslikken. |
| PL | Działa szkodliwie po połknięciu. |
| PT | Nocivo por ingestão. |
| RO | Nociv în caz de înghiţire. |
| SK | Škodlivý po požití. |
| SL | Zdravju škodljivo pri zaužitju. |
| FI | Haitallista nieltynä. |
| SV | Skadligt vid förtäring. |
H304 | Language | 3.10— Aspiration hazard, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Може да бъде смъртоносен при поглъщане и навлизане в дихателните пътища. |
| ES | Puede ser mortal en caso de ingestión y penetración en las vías respiratorias. |
| CS | Při požití a vniknutí do dýchacích cest může způsobit smrt. |
| DA | Kan være livsfarligt, hvis det indtages og kommer i luftvejene. |
| DE | Kann bei Verschlucken und Eindringen in die Atemwege tödlich sein. |
| ET | Allaneelamisel või hingamisteedesse sattumisel võib olla surmav. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει θάνατο σε περίπτωση κατάποσης και διείσδυσης στις αναπνευστικές οδούς. |
| EN | May be fatal if swallowed and enters airways. |
| FR | Peut être mortel en cas d'ingestion et de pénétration dans les voies respiratoires. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith marfach má shlogtar é agus má théann sé isteach sna haerbhealaí. |
| HU | Lenyelve és a légutakba kerülve halálos lehet. |
| IT | Può essere letale in caso di ingestione e di penetrazione nelle vie respiratorie. |
| LV | Var izraisīt nāvi, ja norij vai iekļūst elpceļos. |
| LT | Prarijus ir patekus į kvėpavimo takus, gali sukelti mirtį. |
| MT | Jista’ jkun fatali jekk jinbela’ u jidħol fil-pajpijiet tan-nifs. |
| NL | Kan dodelijk zijn als de stof bij inslikken in de luchtwegen terechtkomt. |
| PL | Połknięcie i dostanie się przez drogi oddechowe może grozić śmiercią. |
| PT | Pode ser mortal por ingestão e penetração nas vias respiratórias. |
| RO | Poate fi mortal în caz de înghiţire şi de pătrundere în căile respiratorii. |
| SK | Môže byť smrteľný po požití a vniknutí do dýchacích ciest. |
| SL | Pri zaužitju in vstopu v dihalne poti je lahko smrtno. |
| FI | Voi olla tappavaa nieltynä ja joutuessaan hengitysteihin. |
| SV | Kan vara dödligt vid förtäring om det kommer ner i luftvägarna. |
H310 | Language | 3.1— Acute toxicity (dermal), Hazard Category 1, 2 |
| BG | Смъртоносeн при контакт с кожата. |
| ES | Mortal en contacto con la piel. |
| CS | Při styku s kůží může způsobit smrt. |
| DA | Livsfarlig ved hudkontakt. |
| DE | Lebensgefahr bei Hautkontakt. |
| ET | Nahale sattumisel surmav. |
| EL | Θανατηφόρο σε επαφή με το δέρμα. |
| EN | Fatal in contact with skin. |
| FR | Mortel par contact cutané. |
| GA | Marfach i dteagmháil leis an gcraiceann. |
| HU | Bőrrel érintkezve halálos. |
| IT | Letale per contatto con la pelle. |
| LV | Nonākot saskarē ar ādu, iestājas nāve. |
| LT | Mirtina susilietus su oda. |
| MT | Fatali jekk imiss mal-ġilda. |
| NL | Dodelijk bij contact met de huid. |
| PL | Grozi śmiercią w kontacie ze skórą. |
| PT | Mortal em contacto com a pele. |
| RO | Mortal în contact cu pielea. |
| SK | Smrteľný pri kontakte s pokožkou. |
| SL | Smrtno v stiku s kožo. |
| FI | Tappavaa joutuessaan iholle. |
| SV | Dödligt vid hudkontakt. |
H311 | Language | 3.1— Acute toxicity (dermal), Hazard Category 3 |
| BG | Токсичен при контакт с кожата. |
| ES | Tóxico en contacto con la piel. |
| CS | Toxický při styku s kůží. |
| DA | Giftig ved hudkontakt. |
| DE | Giftig bei Hautkontakt. |
| ET | Nahale sattumisel mürgine. |
| EL | Τοξικό σε επαφή με το δέρμα. |
| EN | Toxic in contact with skin. |
| FR | Toxique par contact cutané. |
| GA | Tocsaineach i dteagmháil leis an gcraiceann. |
| IT | Tossico per contatto con la pelle. |
| LV | Toksisks, ja nonāk saskarē ar ādu. |
| LT | Toksiška susilietus su oda. |
| HU | Bőrrel érintkezve mérgező. |
| MT | Tossiku meta jmiss mal-ġilda. |
| NL | Giftig bij contact met de huid. |
| PL | Działa toksycznie w kontakcie ze skórą. |
| PT | Tóxico em contacto com a pele. |
| RO | Toxic în contact cu pielea. |
| SK | Toxický pri kontakte s pokožkou. |
| SL | Strupeno v stiku s kožo. |
| FI | Myrkyllistä joutuessaan iholle. |
| SV | Giftigt vid hudkontakt. |
H312 | Language | 3.1— Acute toxicity (dermal), Hazard Category 4 |
| BG | Вреден при контакт с кожата. |
| ES | Nocivo en contacto con la piel. |
| CS | Zdraví škodlivý při styku s kůží. |
| DA | Farlig ved hudkontakt. |
| DE | Gesundheitsschädlich bei Hautkontakt. |
| ET | Nahale sattumisel kahjulik. |
| EL | Επιβλαβές σε επαφή με το δέρμα. |
| EN | Harmful in contact with skin. |
| FR | Nocif par contact cutané. |
| GA | Díobhálach i dteagmháil leis an gcraiceann. |
| IT | Nocivo per contatto con la pelle. |
| LV | Kaitīgs, ja nonāk saskarē ar ādu. |
| LT | Kenksminga susilietus su oda. |
| HU | Bőrrel érintkezve ártalmas. |
| MT | Jagħmel il-ħsara meta jmiss mal-ġilda. |
| NL | Schadelijk bij contact met de huid. |
| PL | Działa szkodliwie w kontakcie ze skórą. |
| PT | Nocivo em contacto com a pele. |
| RO | Nociv în contact cu pielea. |
| SK | Škodlivý pri kontakte s pokožkou. |
| SL | Zdravju škodljivo v stiku s kožo. |
| FI | Haitallista joutuessaan iholle. |
| SV | Skadligt vid hudkontakt. |
H314 | Language | 3.2— Skin corrosion/irritation, Hazard Category 1A, 1B, 1C |
| BG | Причинява тежки изгаряния на кожата и сериозно увреждане на очите. |
| ES | Provoca quemaduras graves en la piel y lesiones oculares graves. |
| CS | Způsobuje těžké poleptání kůže a poškození očí. |
| DA | Forårsager svære forbrændinger af huden og øjenskader. |
| DE | Verursacht schwere Verätzungen der Haut und schwere Augenschäden. |
| ET | Põhjustab rasket nahasöövitust ja silmakahjustusi. |
| EL | Προκαλεί σοβαρά δερματικά εγκαύματα και οφθαλμικές βλάβες. |
| EN | Causes severe skin burns and eye damage. |
| FR | Provoque des brûlures de la peau et des lésions oculaires graves. |
| GA | Ina chúis le dónna tromchúiseacha craicinn agus le damáiste don tsúil. |
| IT | Provoca gravi ustioni cutanee e gravi lesioni oculari. |
| LV | Izraisa smagus ādas apdegumus un acu bojājumus. |
| LT | Smarkiai nudegina odą ir pažeidžia akis. |
| HU | Súlyos égési sérülést és szemkárosodást okoz. |
| MT | Jagħmel ħruq serju lill-ġilda u ħsara lill-għajnejn. |
| NL | Veroorzaakt ernstige brandwonden en oogletsel. |
| PL | Powoduje poważne oparzenia skóry oraz uszkodzenia oczu. |
| PT | Provoca queimaduras na pele e lesões oculares graves. |
| RO | Provoacă arsuri grave ale pielii şi lezarea ochilor. |
| SK | Spôsobuje vážne poleptanie kože a poškodenie očí. |
| SL | Povzroča hude opekline kože in poškodbe oči. |
| FI | Voimakkaasti ihoa syövyttävää ja silmiä vaurioittavaa. |
| SV | Orsakar allvarliga frätskador på hud och ögon. |
H315 | Language | 3.2— Skin corrosion/irritation, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Предизвиква дразнене на кожата. |
| ES | Provoca irritación cutánea. |
| CS | Dráždí kůži. |
| DA | Forårsager hudirritation. |
| DE | Verursacht Hautreizungen. |
| ET | Põhjustab nahaärritust. |
| EL | Προκαλεί ερεθισμό του δέρματος. |
| EN | Causes skin irritation. |
| FR | Provoque une irritation cutanée. |
| GA | Ina chúis le greannú craicinn. |
| IT | Provoca irritazione cutanea. |
| LV | Kairina ādu. |
| LT | Dirgina odą. |
| HU | Bőrirritáló hatású. |
| MT | Jagħmel irritazzjoni tal-ġilda. |
| NL | Veroorzaakt huidirritatie. |
| PL | Działa drażniąco na skórę. |
| PT | Provoca irritação cutânea. |
| RO | Provoacă iritarea pielii. |
| SK | Dráždi kožu. |
| SL | Povzroča draženje kože. |
| FI | Ärsyttää ihoa. |
| SV | Irriterar huden. |
H317 | Language | 3.4— Sensitisation — Skin, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Може да причини алергична кожна реакция. |
| ES | Puede provocar una reacción alérgica en la piel. |
| CS | Může vyvolat alergickou kožní reakci. |
| DA | Kan forårsage allergisk hudreaktion. |
| DE | Kann allergische Hautreaktionen verursachen. |
| ET | Võib põhjustada allergilist nahareaktsiooni. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει αλλεργική δερματική αντίδραση. |
| EN | May cause an allergic skin reaction. |
| FR | Peut provoquer une allergie cutanée. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le frithghníomh ailléirgeach craicinn. |
| IT | Può provocare una reazione allergica cutanea. |
| LV | Var izraisīt alerģisku ādas reakciju. |
| LT | Gali sukelti alerginę odos reakciją. |
| HU | Allergiás bőrreakciót válthat ki. |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża reazzjoni allerġika tal-ġilda. |
| NL | Kan een allergische huidreactie veroorzaken. |
| PL | Może powodować reakcję alergiczną skóry. |
| PT | Pode provocar uma reacção alérgica cutânea. |
| RO | Poate provoca o reacţie alergică a pielii. |
| SK | Môže vyvolať alergickú kožnú reakciu. |
| SL | Lahko povzroči alergijski odziv kože. |
| FI | Voi aiheuttaa allergisen ihoreaktion. |
| SV | Kan orsaka allergisk hudreaktion. |
H318 | Language | 3.3— Serious eye damage/eye irritation, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Предизвиква сериозно увреждане на очите. |
| ES | Provoca lesiones oculares graves. |
| CS | Způsobuje vážné poškození očí. |
| DA | Forårsager alvorlig øjenskade. |
| DE | Verursacht schwere Augenschäden. |
| ET | Põhjustab raskeid silmakahjustusi. |
| EL | Προκαλεί σοβαρή οφθαλμική βλάβη. |
| EN | Causes serious eye damage. |
| FR | Provoque des lésions oculaires graves. |
| GA | Ina chúis le damáiste tromchúiseach don tsúil. |
| IT | Provoca gravi lesioni oculari. |
| LV | Izraisa nopietnus acu bojājumus. |
| LT | Smarkiai pažeidžia akis. |
| HU | Súlyos szemkárosodást okoz. |
| MT | Jagħmel ħsara serja lill-għajnejn. |
| NL | Veroorzaakt ernstig oogletsel. |
| PL | Powoduje poważne uszkodzenie oczu. |
| PT | Provoca lesões oculares graves. |
| RO | Provoacă leziuni oculare grave. |
| SK | Spôsobuje vážne poškodenie očí. |
| SL | Povzroča hude poškodbe oči. |
| FI | Vaurioittaa vakavasti silmiä. |
| SV | Orsakar allvarliga ögonskador. |
H319 | Language | 3.3— Serious eye damage/eye irritation, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Предизвиква сериозно дразнене на очите. |
| ES | Provoca irritación ocular grave. |
| CS | Způsobuje vážné podráždění očí. |
| DA | Forårsager alvorlig øjenirritation. |
| DE | Verursacht schwere Augenreizung. |
| ET | Põhjustab tugevat silmade ärritust. |
| EL | Προκαλεί σοβαρό οφθαλμικό ερεθισμό. |
| EN | Causes serious eye irritation. |
| FR | Provoque une sévère irritation des yeux. |
| GA | Ina chúis le greannú tromchúiseach don tsúil. |
| IT | Provoca grave irritazione oculare. |
| LV | Izraisa nopietnu acu kairinājumu. |
| LT | Sukelia smarkų akių dirginimą. |
| HU | Súlyos szemirritációt okoz. |
| MT | Jagħmel irritazzjoni serja lill-għajnejn. |
| NL | Veroorzaakt ernstige oogirritatie. |
| PL | Działa drażniąco na oczy. |
| PT | Provoca irritação ocular grave. |
| RO | Provoacă o iritare gravă a ochilor. |
| SK | Spôsobuje vážne podráždenie očí. |
| SL | Povzroča hudo draženje oči. |
| FI | Ärsyttää voimakkaasti silmiä. |
| SV | Orsakar allvarlig ögonirritation. |
H330 | Language | 3.1— Acute toxicity (inhal.), Hazard Category 1, 2 |
| BG | Смъртоносен при вдишване. |
| ES | Mortal en caso de inhalación. |
| CS | Při vdechování může způsobit smrt. |
| DA | Livsfarlig ved indånding. |
| DE | Lebensgefahr bei Einatmen. |
| ET | Sissehingamisel surmav. |
| EL | Θανατηφόρο σε περίπτωση εισπνοής. |
| EN | Fatal if inhaled. |
| FR | Mortel par inhalation. |
| GA | Marfach má ionanálaítear. |
| IT | Letale se inalato. |
| LV | Ieelpojot, iestājas nāve. |
| LT | Mirtina įkvėpus. |
| HU | Belélegezve halálos. |
| MT | Fatali jekk jinxtamm. |
| NL | Dodelijk bij inademing. |
| PL | Wdychanie grozi śmiercią. |
| PT | Mortal por inalação. |
| RO | Mortal în caz de inhalare. |
| SK | Smrteľný pri vdýchnutí. |
| SL | Smrtno pri vdihavanju. |
| FI | Tappavaa hengitettynä. |
| SV | Dödligt vid inandning. |
H331 | Language | 3.1— Acute toxicity (inhal.), Hazard Category 3 |
| BG | Токсичен при вдишване. |
| ES | Tóxico en caso de inhalación. |
| CS | Toxický při vdechování. |
| DA | Giftig ved indånding. |
| DE | Giftig bei Einatmen. |
| ET | Sissehingamisel mürgine. |
| EL | Τοξικό σε περίπτωση εισπνοής. |
| EN | Toxic if inhaled. |
| FR | Toxique par inhalation. |
| GA | Tocsaineach má ionanálaítear. |
| IT | Tossico se inalato. |
| LV | Toksisks ieelpojot. |
| LT | Toksiška įkvėpus. |
| HU | Belélegezve mérgező. |
| MT | Tossiku jekk jinxtamm. |
| NL | Giftig bij inademing. |
| PL | Działa toksycznie w następstwie wdychania. |
| PT | Tóxico por inalação. |
| RO | Toxic în caz de inhalare. |
| SK | Toxický pri vdýchnutí. |
| SL | Strupeno pri vdihavanju. |
| FI | Myrkyllistä hengitettynä. |
| SV | Giftigt vid inandning. |
H332 | Language | 3.1— Acute toxicity (inhal.), Hazard Category 4 |
| BG | Вреден при вдишване. |
| ES | Nocivo en caso de inhalación. |
| CS | Zdraví škodlivý při vdechování. |
| DA | Farlig ved indånding. |
| DE | Gesundheitsschädlich bei Einatmen. |
| ET | Sissehingamisel kahjulik. |
| EL | Επιβλαβές σε περίπτωση εισπνοής. |
| EN | Harmful if inhaled. |
| FR | Nocif par inhalation. |
| GA | Díobhálach má ionanálaítear. |
| IT | Nocivo se inalato. |
| LV | Kaitīgs ieelpojot. |
| LT | Kenksminga įkvėpus. |
| HU | Belélegezve ártalmas. |
| MT | Jagħmel il-ħsara jekk jinxtamm. |
| NL | Schadelijk bij inademing. |
| PL | Działa szkodliwie w następstwie wdychania. |
| PT | Nocivo por inalação. |
| RO | Nociv în caz de inhalare. |
| SK | Škodlivý pri vdýchnutí. |
| SL | Zdravju škodljivo pri vdihavanju. |
| FI | Haitallista hengitettynä. |
| SV | Skadligt vid inandning. |
H334 | Language | 3.4— Sensitisation — Respirat., Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Може да причини алергични или астматични симптоми или затруднения в дишането при вдишване. |
| ES | Puede provocar síntomas de alergia o asma o dificultades respiratorias en caso de inhalación. |
| CS | Při vdechování může vyvolat příznaky alergie nebo astmatu nebo dýchací potíže. |
| DA | Kan forårsage allergi- eller astmasymptomer eller åndedrætsbesvær ved indånding. |
| DE | Kann bei Einatmen Allergie, asthmaartige Symptome oder Atembeschwerden verursachen. |
| ET | Sissehingamisel võib põhjustada allergia- või astma sümptomeid või hingamisraskusi. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει αλλεργία ή συμπτώματα άσθματος ή δύσπνοια σε περίπτωση εισπνοής. |
| EN | May cause allergy or asthma symptoms or breathing difficulties if inhaled. |
| FR | Peut provoquer des symptômes allergiques ou d'asthme ou des difficultés respiratoires par inhalation. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le siomptóim ailléirge nó asma nó le deacrachtaí análaithe má ionanálaítear é. |
| IT | Può provocare sintomi allergici o asmatici o difficoltà respiratorie se inalato. |
| LV | Ja ieelpo, var izraisīt alerģiju vai astmas simptomus, vai apgrūtināt elpošanu. |
| LT | Įkvėpus gali sukelti alerginę reakciją, astmos simptomus arba apsunkinti kvėpavimą. |
| HU | Belélegezve allergiás és asztmás tüneteket, és nehéz légzést okozhat. |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża sintomi ta' allerġija jew ta’ ażma jew diffikultajiet biex jittieħed in-nifs jekk jinxtamm. |
| NL | Kan bij inademing allergie- of astmasymptomen of ademhalingsmoeilijkheden veroorzaken. |
| PL | Może powodować objawy alergii lub astmy lub trudności w oddychaniu w następstwie wdychania. |
| PT | Quando inalado, pode provocar sintomas de alergia ou de asma ou dificuldades respiratórias. |
| RO | Poate provoca simptome de alergie sau astm sau dificultăţi de respiraţie în caz de inhalare. |
| SK | Pri vdýchnutí môže vyvolať alergiu alebo príznaky astmy, alebo dýchacie ťažkosti. |
| SL | Lahko povzroči simptome alergije ali astme ali težave z dihanjem pri vdihavanju. |
| FI | Voi aiheuttaa hengitettynä allergia- tai astmaoireita tai hengitysvaikeuksia. |
| SV | Kan orsaka allergi- eller astmasymtom eller andningssvårigheter vid inandning. |
H335 | Language | 3.8— Specific target organ toxicity — Single exposure, Hazard Category 3, Respiratory tract irritation |
| BG | Може да предизвика дразнене на дихателните пътища. |
| ES | Puede irritar las vías respiratorias. |
| CS | Může způsobit podráždění dýchacích cest. |
| DA | Kan forårsage irritation af luftvejene. |
| DE | Kann die Atemwege reizen. |
| ET | Võib põhjustada hingamisteede ärritust. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει ερεθισμό της αναπνευστικής οδού. |
| EN | May cause respiratory irritation. |
| FR | Peut irriter les voies respiratoires. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le greannú riospráide. |
| IT | Può irritare le vie respiratorie. |
| LV | Var izraisīt elpceļu kairinājumu. |
| LT | Gali dirginti kvėpavimo takus. |
| HU | Légúti irritációt okozhat. |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża irritazzjoni respiratorja. |
| NL | Kan irritatie van de luchtwegen veroorzaken. |
| PL | Może powodować podrażnienie dróg oddechowych. |
| PT | Pode provocar irritação das vias respiratórias. |
| RO | Poate provoca iritarea căilor respiratorii. |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť podráždenie dýchacích ciest. |
| SL | Lahko povzroči draženje dihalnih poti. |
| FI | Saattaa aiheuttaa hengitysteiden ärsytystä. |
| SV | Kan orsaka irritation i luftvägarna. |
H336 | Language | 3.8— Specific target organ toxicity — Single exposure, Hazard Category 3, Narcosis |
| BG | Може да предизвика сънливост или световъртеж. |
| ES | Puede provocar somnolencia o vértigo. |
| CS | Může způsobit ospalost nebo závratě. |
| DA | Kan forårsage sløvhed eller svimmelhed. |
| DE | Kann Schläfrigkeit und Benommenheit verursachen. |
| ET | Võib põhjustada unisust või peapööritust. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει υπνηλία ή ζάλη. |
| EN | May cause drowsiness or dizziness. |
| FR | Peut provoquer somnolence ou vertiges. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le codlatacht nó le meadhrán. |
| IT | Può provocare sonnolenza o vertigini. |
| LV | Var izraisīt miegainību vai reiboņus. |
| LT | Gali sukelti mieguistumą arba galvos svaigimą. |
| HU | Álmosságot vagy szédülést okozhat. |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża ħedla jew sturdament. |
| NL | Kan slaperigheid of duizeligheid veroorzaken. |
| PL | Może wywoływać uczucie senności lub zawroty głowy. |
| PT | Pode provocar sonolência ou vertigens. |
| RO | Poate provoca somnolenţă sau ameţeală. |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť ospalosť alebo závraty. |
| SL | Lahko povzroči zaspanost ali omotico. |
| FI | Saattaa aiheuttaa uneliaisuutta ja huimausta. |
| SV | Kan göra att man blir dåsig eller omtöcknad. |
H340 | Language | 3.5— Germ cell mutagenicity, Hazard Category 1A, 1B |
| BG | Може да причини генетични дефекти . |
| ES | Puede provocar defectos genéticos . |
| CS | Může vyvolat genetické poškození . |
| DA | Kan forårsage genetiske defekter . |
| DE | Kann genetische Defekte verursachen . |
| ET | Võib põhjustada geneetilisi defekte . |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει γενετικά ελαττώματα . |
| EN | May cause genetic defects . |
| FR | Peut induire des anomalies génétiques . |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le héalanga géiniteacha . |
| IT | Può provocare alterazioni genetiche . |
| LV | Var izraisīt ģenētiskus bojājumus . |
| LT | Gali sukelti genetinius defektus . |
| HU | Genetikai károsodást okozhat . |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża difetti ġenetiċi . |
| NL | Kan genetische schade veroorzaken . |
| PL | Może powodować wady genetyczne . |
| PT | Pode provocar anomalias genéticas . |
| RO | Poate provoca anomalii genetice . |
| SK | Môže spôsobovať genetické poškodenie . |
| SL | Lahko povzroči genetske okvare . |
| FI | Saattaa aiheuttaa perimävaurioita . |
| SV | Kan orsaka genetiska defekter . |
H341 | Language | 3.5— Germ cell mutagenicity, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Предполага се, че причинява генетични дефекти . |
| ES | Se sospecha que provoca defectos genéticos . |
| CS | Podezření na genetické poškození . |
| DA | Mistænkt for at forårsage genetiske defekter . |
| DE | Kann vermutlich genetische Defekte verursachen . |
| ET | Arvatavasti põhjustab geneetilisi defekte . |
| EL | Ύποπτο για πρόκληση γενετικών ελαττωμάτων . |
| EN | Suspected of causing genetic defects . |
| FR | Susceptible d'induire des anomalies génétiques . |
| GA | Ceaptar go bhféadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le héalanga géiniteacha . |
| IT | Sospettato di provocare alterazioni genetiche . |
| LV | Ir aizdomas, ka var izraisīt ģenētiskus bojājumus . |
| LT | Įtariama, kad gali sukelti genetinius defektus . |
| HU | Feltehetően genetikai károsodást okoz . |
| MT | Suspettat li jikkawża difetti ġenetiċi . |
| NL | Verdacht van het veroorzaken van genetische schade . |
| PL | Podejrzewa się, że powoduje wady genetyczne . |
| PT | Suspeito de provocar anomalias genéticas . |
| RO | Susceptibil de a provoca anomalii genetice . |
| SK | Podozrenie, že spôsobuje genetické poškodenie . |
| SL | Sum povzročitve genetskih okvar . |
| FI | Epäillään aiheuttavan perimävaurioita . |
| SV | Misstänks kunna orsaka genetiska defekter . |
H350 | Language | 3.6— Carcinogenicity, Hazard Category 1A, 1B |
| BG | Може да причини рак . |
| ES | Puede provocar cáncer . |
| CS | Může vyvolat rakovinu . |
| DA | Kan fremkalde kræft . |
| DE | Kann Krebs erzeugen . |
| ET | Võib põhjustada vähktõbe . |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει καρκίνο . |
| EN | May cause cancer . |
| FR | Peut provoquer le cancer . |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le hailse . |
| IT | Può provocare il cancro . |
| LV | Var izraisīt vēzi . |
| LT | Gali sukelti vėžį . |
| HU | Rákot okozhat . |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża l-kanċer . |
| NL | Kan kanker veroorzaken |
| PL | Może powodować raka . |
| PT | Pode provocar cancro . |
| RO | Poate provoca cancer . |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť rakovinu . |
| SL | Lahko povzroči raka . |
| FI | Saattaa aiheuttaa syöpää . |
| SV | Kan orsaka cancer . |
H351 | Language | 3.6— Carcinogenicity, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Предполага се, че причинява рак . |
| ES | Se sospecha que provoca cáncer . |
| CS | Podezření na vyvolání rakoviny . |
| DA | Mistænkt for at fremkalde kræft . |
| DE | Kann vermutlich Krebs erzeugen . |
| ET | Arvatavasti põhjustab vähktõbe . |
| EL | Ύποπτο για πρόκληση καρκίνου . |
| EN | Suspected of causing cancer . |
| FR | Susceptible de provoquer le cancer . |
| GA | Ceaptar go bhféadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le hailse . |
| IT | Sospettato di provocare il cancro . |
| LV | Ir aizdomas, ka var izraisīt vēzi . |
| LT | Įtariama, kad sukelia vėžį . |
| HU | Feltehetően rákot okoz . |
| MT | Suspettat li jikkawża l-kanċer . |
| NL | Verdacht van het veroorzaken van kanker . |
| PL | Podejrzewa się, że powoduje raka . |
| PT | Suspeito de provocar cancro . |
| RO | Susceptibil de a provoca cancer . |
| SK | Podozrenie, že spôsobuje rakovinu . |
| SL | Sum povzročitve raka . |
| FI | Epäillään aiheuttavan syöpää . |
| SV | Misstänks kunna orsaka cancer . |
H360 | Language | 3.7— Reproductive toxicity, Hazard Category 1A, 1B |
| BG | Може да увреди оплодителната способност или плода . |
| ES | Puede perjudicar la fertilidad o dañar al feto . |
| CS | Může poškodit reprodukční schopnost nebo plod v těle matky . |
| DA | Kan skade forplantningsevnen eller det ufødte barn . |
| DE | Kann die Fruchtbarkeit beeinträchtigen oder das Kind im Mutterleib schädigen . |
| ET | Võib kahjustada viljakust või loodet . |
| EL | Μπορεί να βλάψει τη γονιμότητα ή το έμβρυο . |
| EN | May damage fertility or the unborn child . |
| FR | Peut nuire à la fertilité ou au fœtus . |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé damáiste a dhéanamh do thorthúlacht nó don leanbh sa bhroinn . |
| IT | Può nuocere alla fertilità o al feto . |
| LV | Var kaitēt auglībai vai nedzimušajam bērnam . |
| LT | Gali pakenkti vaisingumui arba negimusiam vaikui . |
| HU | Károsíthatja a termékenységet vagy a születendő gyermeket . |
| MT | Jista' jagħmel ħsara lill-fertilità jew lit-tarbija li għadha fil-ġuf . |
| NL | Kan de vruchtbaarheid of het ongeboren kind schaden . |
| PL | Może działać szkodliwie na płodność lub na dziecko w łonie matki . |
| PT | Pode afectar a fertilidade ou o nascituro . |
| RO | Poate dăuna fertilităţii sau fătului . |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť poškodenie plodnosti alebo nenarodeného dieťaťa . |
| SL | Lahko škoduje plodnosti ali nerojenemu otroku . |
| FI | Saattaa heikentää hedelmällisyyttä tai vaurioittaa sikiötä . |
| SV | Kan skada fertiliteten eller det ofödda barnet . |
H361 | Language | 3.7— Reproductive toxicity, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Предполага се, че уврежда оплодителната способност или плода . |
| ES | Se sospecha que perjudica la fertilidad o daña al feto . |
| CS | Podezření na poškození reprodukční schopnosti nebo plodu v těle matky . |
| DA | Mistænkt for at skade forplantningsevnen eller det ufødte barn . |
| DE | Kann vermutlich die Fruchtbarkeit beeinträchtigen oder das Kind im Mutterleib schädigen |
| ET | Arvatavasti kahjustab viljakust või loodet . |
| EL | Ύποπτο για πρόκληση βλάβης στη γονιμότητα ή στο έμβρυο . |
| EN | Suspected of damaging fertility or the unborn child . |
| FR | Susceptible de nuire à la fertilité ou au fœtus . |
| GA | Ceaptar go bhféadfadh sé damáiste a dhéanamh do thorthúlacht nó don leanbh sa bhroinn . |
| IT | Sospettato di nuocere alla fertilità o al feto . |
| LV | Ir aizdomas, ka var kaitēt auglībai vai nedzimušajam bērnam . |
| LT | Įtariama, kad kenkia vaisingumui arba negimusiam vaikui . |
| HU | Feltehetően károsítja a termékenységet vagy a születendő gyermeket . |
| MT | Suspettat li jagħmel ħsara lill-fertilità jew lit-tarbija li għadha fil-ġuf . |
| NL | Kan mogelijks de vruchtbaarheid of het ongeboren kind schaden . |
| PL | Podejrzewa się, że działa szkodliwie na płodność lub na dziecko w łonie matki . |
| PT | Suspeito de afectar a fertilidade ou o nascituro . |
| RO | Susceptibil de a dăuna fertilităţii sau fătului . |
| SK | Podozrenie, že spôsobuje poškodenie plodnosti alebo nenarodeného dieťaťa . |
| SL | Sum škodljivosti za plodnost ali nerojenega otroka . |
| FI | Epäillään heikentävän hedelmällisyyttä tai vaurioittavan sikiötä . |
| SV | Misstänks kunna skada fertiliteten eller det ofödda barnet . |
H362 | Language | 3.7— Reproductive toxicity, Additional category, Effects on or via lactation |
| BG | Може да бъде вреден за кърмачета. |
| ES | Puede perjudicar a los niños alimentados con leche materna. |
| CS | Může poškodit kojence prostřednictvím mateřského mléka. |
| DA | Kan skade børn, der ammes. |
| DE | Kann Säuglinge über die Muttermilch schädigen. |
| ET | Võib kahjustada rinnaga toidetavat last. |
| EL | Μπορεί να βλάψει τα βρέφη που τρέφονται με μητρικό γάλα. |
| EN | May cause harm to breast-fed children. |
| FR | Peut être nocif pour les bébés nourris au lait maternel. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé díobháil a dhéanamh do leanaí diúil. |
| IT | Può essere nocivo per i lattanti allattati al seno. |
| LV | Var radīt kaitējumu ar krūti barotam bērnam. |
| LT | Gali pakenkti žindomam vaikui. |
| HU | A szoptatott gyermeket károsíthatja. |
| MT | Jista’ jagħmel ħsara lit-tfal imreddgħa. |
| NL | Kan schadelijk zijn via borstvoeding. |
| PL | Może działać szkodliwie na dzieci karmione piersią. |
| PT | Pode ser nocivo para as crianças alimentadas com leite materno. |
| RO | Poate dăuna copiilor alăptaţi la sân. |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť poškodenie u dojčených detí. |
| SL | Lahko škoduje dojenim otrokom. |
| FI | Saattaa aiheuttaa haittaa rintaruokinnassa oleville lapsille. |
| SV | Kan skada spädbarn som ammas. |
H370 | Language | 3.8— Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Причинява увреждане на органите . |
| ES | Provoca daños en los órganos . |
| CS | Způsobuje poškození orgánů . |
| DA | Forårsager organskader . |
| DE | Schädigt die Organe . |
| ET | Kahjustab elundeid . |
| EL | Προκαλεί βλάβες στα όργανα . |
| EN | Causes damage to organs . |
| FR | Risque avéré d'effets graves pour les organes . |
| GA | Déanann sé damáiste d'orgáin . |
| IT | Provoca danni agli organi . |
| LV | Rada orgānu bojājumus . |
| LT | Kenkia organams . |
| HU | Károsítja a szerveket . |
| MT | Jagħmel ħsara lill-organi . |
| NL | Veroorzaakt schade aan organen . |
| PL | Powoduje uszkodzenie narządów . |
| PT | Afecta os órgãos . |
| RO | Provoacă leziuni ale organelor . |
| SK | Spôsobuje poškodenie orgánov . |
| SL | Škoduje organom . |
| FI | Vahingoittaa elimiä . |
| SV | Orsakar organskador . |
H371 | Language | 3.8— Specific target organ toxicity — Single exposure, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Може да причини увреждане на органите . |
| ES | Puede provocar daños en los órganos . |
| CS | Může způsobit poškození orgánů . |
| DA | Kan forårsage organskader . |
| DE | Kann die Organe schädigen . |
| ET | Võib kahjustada elundeid . |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει βλάβες στα όργανα . |
| EN | May cause damage to organs . |
| FR | Risque présumé d'effets graves pour les organes . |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh damáiste a dhéanamh d'orgáin . |
| IT | Può provocare danni agli organi . |
| LV | Var izraisīt orgānu bojājumus . |
| LT | Gali pakenkti organams . |
| HU | Károsíthatja a szerveket . |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża ħsara lill-organi . |
| NL | Kan schade aan organen veroorzaken . |
| PL | Może powodować uszkodzenie narządów . |
| PT | Pode afectar os órgãos . |
| RO | Poate provoca leziuni ale organelor . |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť poškodenie orgánov . |
| SL | Lahko škoduje organom . |
| FI | Saattaa vahingoittaa elimiä . |
| SV | Kan orsaka organskador . |
H372 | Language | 3.9— Specific target organ toxicity — Repeated exposure, Hazard Category 1 |
| BG | Причинява увреждане на органите посредством продължителна или повтаряща се експозиция . |
| ES | Provoca daños en los órganos tras exposiciones prolongadas o repetidas . |
| CS | Způsobuje poškození orgánů při prodloužené nebo opakované expozici . |
| DA | Forårsager organskader ved længerevarende eller gentagen eksponering . |
| DE | Schädigt die Organe bei längerer oder wiederholter Exposition . |
| ET | Kahjustab elundeid pikaajalisel või korduval kokkupuutel . |
| EL | Προκαλεί βλάβες στα όργανα ύστερα από παρατεταμένη ή επανειλημμένη έκθεση . |
| EN | Causes damage to organs through prolonged or repeated exposure . |
| FR | Risque avéré d'effets graves pour les organes à la suite d'expositions répétées ou d'une exposition prolongée . |
| GA | Déanann damáiste d'orgáin trí nochtadh fada nó ilnochtadh . |
| IT | Provoca danni agli organi in caso di esposizione prolungata o ripetuta . |
| LV | Izraisa orgānu bojājumus ilgstošas vai atkārtotas iedarbības rezultātā . |
| LT | Kenkia organams , jeigu medžiaga veikia ilgai arba kartotinai . |
| HU | Ismétlődő vagy hosszabb expozíció esetén károsítja a szerveket . |
| MT | Jikkawża ħsara lill-organi minħabba espożizzjoni fit-tul jew ripetuta . |
| NL | Veroorzaakt schade aan organen bij langdurige of herhaalde blootstelling . |
| PL | Powoduje uszkodzenie narządów poprzez długotrwałe lub powtarzane narażenie . |
| PT | Afecta os órgãos após exposição prolongada ou repetida . |
| RO | Provoacă leziuni ale organelor în caz de expunere prelungită sau repetată . |
| SK | Spôsobuje poškodenie orgánov pri dlhšej alebo opakovanej expozícii . |
| SL | Škoduje organom pri dolgotrajni ali ponavljajoči se izpostavljenosti . |
| FI | Vahingoittaa elimiä pitkäaikaisessa tai toistuvassa altistumisessa . |
| SV | Orsakar organskador genom lång eller upprepad exponering . |
H373 | Language | 3.9— Specific target organ toxicity — Repeated exposure, Hazard Category 2 |
| BG | Може да причини увреждане на органите при продължителна или повтаряща се експозиция . |
| ES | Puede provocar daños en los órganos tras exposiciones prolongadas o repetidas . |
| CS | Může způsobit poškození orgánů při prodloužené nebo opakované expozici . |
| DA | Kan forårsage organskader ved længerevarende eller gentagen eksponering . |
| DE | Kann die Organe schädigen bei längerer oder wiederholter Exposition . |
| ET | Võib kahjustada elundeid pikaajalisel või korduval kokkupuutel . |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει βλάβες στα όργανα ύστερα από παρατεταμένη ή επανειλημμένη έκθεση . |
| EN | May cause damage to organs through prolonged or repeated exposure . |
| FR | Risque présumé d'effets graves pour les organes à la suite d'expositions répétées ou d'une exposition prolongée . |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé damáiste a dhéanamh d'orgáin trí nochtadh fada nó ilnochtadh . |
| IT | Può provocare danni agli organi in caso di esposizione prolungata o ripetuta . |
| LV | Var izraisīt orgānu bojājumus ilgstošas vai atkārtotas iedarbības rezultātā . |
| LT | Gali pakenkti organams , jeigu medžiaga veikia ilgai arba kartotinai . |
| HU | Ismétlődő vagy hosszabb expozíció esetén károsíthatja a szerveket > vagy meg kell adni az összes érintett szervet, ha ismertek >. |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża ħsara lill-organi minħabba espożizzjoni fit-tul jew ripetuta . |
| NL | Kan schade aan organen veroorzaken bij langdurige of herhaalde blootstelling . |
| PL | Może powodować uszkodzenie narządów poprzez długotrwałe lub narażenie powtarzane . |
| PT | Pode afectar os órgãos após exposição prolongada ou repetida . |
| RO | Poate provoca leziuni ale organelor în caz de expunere prelungită sau repetată . |
| SK | Môže spôsobiť poškodenie orgánov pri dlhšej alebo opakovanej expozícii . |
| SL | Lahko škoduje organom pri dolgotrajni ali ponavljajoči se izpostavljenosti . |
| FI | Saattaa vahingoittaa elimiä pitkäaikaisessa tai toistuvassa altistumisessa |
| SV | Kan orsaka organskador genom lång eller upprepad exponering . |
Table 1.3
Hazard statements for environmental hazards
H400 | Language | 4.1— Hazardous to the aquatic environment — AcuteHazard, Category 1 |
| BG | Силно токсичен за водните организми. |
| ES | Muy tóxico para los organismos acuáticos. |
| CS | Vysoce toxický pro vodní organismy. |
| DA | Meget giftig for vandlevende organismer. |
| DE | Sehr giftig für Wasserorganismen. |
| ET | Väga mürgine veeorganismidele. |
| EL | Πολύ τοξικό για τους υδρόβιους οργανισμούς. |
| EN | Very toxic to aquatic life. |
| FR | Très toxique pour les organismes aquatiques. |
| GA | An-tocsaineach don saol uisceach. |
| IT | Molto tossico per gli organismi acquatici. |
| LV | Ļoti toksisks ūdens organismiem. |
| LT | Labai toksiška vandens organizmams. |
| HU | Nagyon mérgező a vízi élővilágra. |
| MT | Tossiku ħafna għall-organiżmi akwatiċi. |
| NL | Zeer giftig voor in het water levende organismen. |
| PL | Działa bardzo toksycznie na organizmy wodne. |
| PT | Muito tóxico para os organismos aquáticos. |
| RO | Foarte toxic pentru mediul acvatic. |
| SK | Veľmi toxický pre vodné organizmy. |
| SL | Zelo strupeno za vodne organizme. |
| FI | Erittäin myrkyllistä vesieliöille. |
| SV | Mycket giftigt för vattenlevande organismer. |
H410 | Language | 4.1— Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic Hazard, Category 1 |
| BG | Силно токсичен за водните организми, с дълготраен ефект. |
| ES | Muy tóxico para los organismos acuáticos, con efectos nocivos duraderos. |
| CS | Vysoce toxický pro vodní organismy, s dlouhodobými účinky. |
| DA | Meget giftig med langvarige virkninger for vandlevende organismer. |
| DE | Sehr giftig für Wasserorganismen mit langfristiger Wirkung. |
| ET | Väga mürgine veeorganismidele, pikaajaline toime. |
| EL | Πολύ τοξικό για τους υδρόβιους οργανισμούς, με μακροχρόνιες επιπτώσεις. |
| EN | Very toxic to aquatic life with long lasting effects. |
| FR | Très toxique pour les organismes aquatiques, entraîne des effets néfastes à long terme. |
| GA | An-tocsaineach don saol uisceach, le héifeachtaí fadtréimhseacha. |
| IT | Molto tossico per gli organismi acquatici con effetti di lunga durata. |
| LV | Ļoti toksisks ūdens organismiem ar ilgstošām sekām. |
| LT | Labai toksiška vandens organizmams, sukelia ilgalaikius pakitimus. |
| HU | Nagyon mérgező a vízi élővilágra, hosszan tartó károsodást okoz. |
| MT | Tossiku ħafna għall-organiżmi akwatiċi b'mod li jħalli effetti dejjiema. |
| NL | Zeer giftig voor in het water levende organismen, met langdurige gevolgen. |
| PL | Działa bardzo toksycznie na organizmy wodne, powodując długotrwałe skutki. |
| PT | Muito tóxico para os organismos aquáticos com efeitos duradouros. |
| RO | Foarte toxic pentru mediul acvatic cu efecte pe termen lung. |
| SK | Veľmi toxický pre vodné organizmy, s dlhodobými účinkami. |
| SL | Zelo strupeno za vodne organizme, z dolgotrajnimi učinki. |
| FI | Erittäin myrkyllistä vesieliöille, pitkäaikaisia haittavaikutuksia. |
| SV | Mycket giftigt för vattenlevande organismer med långtidseffekter. |
H411 | Language | 4.1— Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic Hazard, Category 2 |
| BG | Токсичен за водните организми, с дълготраен ефект. |
| ES | Tóxico para los organismos acuáticos, con efectos nocivos duraderos. |
| CS | Toxický pro vodní organismy, s dlouhodobými účinky. |
| DA | Giftig for vandlevende organismer, med langvarige virkninger. |
| DE | Giftig für Wasserorganismen, mit langfristiger Wirkung. |
| ET | Mürgine veeorganismidele, pikaajaline toime. |
| EL | Τοξικό για τους υδρόβιους οργανισμούς, με μακροχρόνιες επιπτώσεις. |
| EN | Toxic to aquatic life with long lasting effects. |
| FR | Toxique pour les organismes aquatiques, entraîne des effets néfastes à long terme. |
| GA | Tocsaineach don saol uisceach, le héifeachtaí fadtréimhseacha. |
| IT | Tossico per gli organismi acquatici con effetti di lunga durata. |
| LV | Toksisks ūdens organismiem ar ilgstošām sekām. |
| LT | Toksiška vandens organizmams, sukelia ilgalaikius pakitimus. |
| HU | Mérgező a vízi élővilágra, hosszan tartó károsodást okoz. |
| MT | Tossiku għall-organiżmi akwatiċi b'mod li jħalli effetti dejjiema. |
| NL | Giftig voor in het water levende organismen, met langdurige gevolgen. |
| PL | Działa toksycznie na organizmy wodne, powodując długotrwałe skutki. |
| PT | Tóxico para os organismos aquáticos com efeitos duradouros. |
| RO | Toxic pentru mediul acvatic cu efecte pe termen lung. |
| SK | Toxický pre vodné organizmy, s dlhodobými účinkami. |
| SL | Strupeno za vodne organizme, z dolgotrajnimi učinki. |
| FI | Myrkyllistä vesieliöille, pitkäaikaisia haittavaikutuksia. |
| SV | Giftigt för vattenlevande organismer med långtidseffekter. |
H412 | Language | 4.1— Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic Hazard, Category 3 |
| BG | Вреден за водните организми, с дълготраен ефект. |
| ES | Nocivo para los organismos acuáticos, con efectos nocivos duraderos. |
| CS | Škodlivý pro vodní organismy, s dlouhodobými účinky. |
| DA | Skadelig for vandlevende organismer, med langvarige virkninger. |
| DE | Schädlich für Wasserorganismen, mit langfristiger Wirkung. |
| ET | Ohtlik veeorganismidele, pikaajaline toime. |
| EL | Επιβλαβές για τους υδρόβιους οργανισμούς, με μακροχρόνιες επιπτώσεις. |
| EN | Harmful to aquatic life with long lasting effects. |
| FR | Nocif pour les organismes aquatiques, entraîne des effets néfastes à long terme. |
| GA | Díobhálach don saol uisceach, le héifeachtaí fadtréimhseacha. |
| IT | Nocivo per gli organismi acquatici con effetti di lunga durata. |
| LV | Kaitīgs ūdens organismiem ar ilgstošām sekām. |
| LT | Kenksminga vandens organizmams, sukelia ilgalaikius pakitimus. |
| HU | Ártalmas a vízi élővilágra, hosszan tartó károsodást okoz. |
| MT | Jagħmel ħsara lill-organiżmi akwatiċi b'mod li jħalli effetti dejjiema. |
| NL | Schadelijk voor in het water levende organismen, met langdurige gevolgen. |
| PL | Działa szkodliwie na organizmy wodne, powodując długotrwałe skutki. |
| PT | Nocivo para os organismos aquáticos com efeitos duradouros. |
| RO | Nociv pentru mediul acvatic cu efecte pe termen lung. |
| SK | Škodlivý pre vodné organizmy, s dlhodobými účinkami. |
| SL | Škodljivo za vodne organizme, z dolgotrajnimi učinki. |
| FI | Haitallista vesieliöille, pitkäaikaisia haittavaikutuksia. |
| SV | Skadliga långtidseffekter för vattenlevande organismer. |
H413 | Language | 4.1— Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic Hazard, Category 4 |
| BG | Може да причини дълготраен вреден ефект за водните организми. |
| ES | Puede ser nocivo para los organismos acuáticos, con efectos nocivos duraderos. |
| CS | Může vyvolat dlouhodobé škodlivé účinky pro vodní organismy. |
| DA | Kan forårsage langvarige skadelige virkninger for vandlevende organismer. |
| DE | Kann für Wasserorganismen schädlich sein, mit langfristiger Wirkung. |
| ET | Võib avaldada veeorganismidele pikaajalist kahjulikku toimet. |
| EL | Μπορεί να προκαλέσει μακροχρόνιες επιπτώσεις στους υδρόβιους οργανισμούς. |
| EN | May cause long lasting harmful effects to aquatic life. |
| FR | Peut être nocif à long terme pour les organismes aquatiques. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le héifeachtaí fadtréimhseacha díobhálacha ar an saol uisceach. |
| IT | Può essere nocivo per gli organismi acquatici con effetti di lunga durata. |
| LV | Var radīt ilgstošas kaitīgas sekas ūdens organismiem. |
| LT | Gali sukelti ilgalaikį kenksmingą poveikį vandens organizmams. |
| HU | Hosszan tartó ártalmas hatást gyakorolhat a vízi élővilágra. |
| MT | Jista’ jikkawża effetti ta' ħsara dejjiema lill-organiżmi akwatiċi. |
| NL | Kan langdurige schadelijke gevolgen voor in het water levende organismen hebben. |
| PL | Może powodować długotrwałe szkodliwe skutki dla organizmów wodnych. |
| PT | Pode provocar efeitos nocivos duradouros nos organismos aquáticos. |
| RO | Poate provoca efecte nocive pe termen lung asupra mediului acvatic. |
| SK | Môže mať dlhodobé škodlivé účinky na vodné organizmy. |
| SL | Lahko ima dolgotrajne škodljive učinke na vodne organizme. |
| FI | Voi aiheuttaa pitkäaikaisia haittavaikutuksia vesieliöille. |
| SV | Kan ge skadliga långtidseffekter på vattenlevande organismer. |
2. Part 2: supplemental hazard information
Table 2.1
Physical properties
EUH 001 | Language | |
| BG | Експлозивен в сухо състояние. |
| ES | Explosivo en estado seco. |
| CS | Výbušný v suchém stavu. |
| DA | Eksplosiv i tør tilstand. |
| DE | In trockenem Zustand explosionsgefährlich. |
| ET | Plahvatusohtlik kuivana. |
| EL | Εκρηκτικό σε ξηρή κατάσταση. |
| EN | Explosive when dry. |
| FR | Explosif à l'état sec. |
| GA | Pléascach agus é tirim. |
| IT | Esplosivo allo stato secco. |
| LV | Sprādzienbīstams sausā veidā. |
| LT | Sausos būsenos gali sprogti. |
| HU | Száraz állapotban robbanásveszélyes. |
| MT | Jisplodi meta jinxef. |
| NL | In droge toestand ontplofbaar. |
| PL | Produkt wybuchowy w stanie suchym. |
| PT | Explosivo no estado seco. |
| RO | Exploziv în stare uscată. |
| SK | V suchom stave výbušný. |
| SL | Eksplozivno v suhem stanju. |
| FI | Räjähtävää kuivana. |
| SV | Explosivt i torrt tillstånd. |
EUH 006 | Language | |
| BG | Експлозивен при или без контакт с въздуха. |
| ES | Explosivo en contacto o sin contacto con el aire. |
| CS | Výbušný za přístupu i bez přístupu vzduchu. |
| DA | Eksplosiv ved og uden kontakt med luft. |
| DE | Mit und ohne Luft explosionsfähig. |
| ET | Plahvatusohtlik õhuga kokkupuutel või kokkupuuteta. |
| EL | Εκρηκτικό σε επαφή ή χωρίς επαφή με τον αέρα. |
| EN | Explosive with or without contact with air. |
| FR | Danger d'explosion en contact ou sans contact avec l'air. |
| GA | Pléascach i dteagmháil le haer nó gan é. |
| IT | Esplosivo a contatto o senza contatto con l'aria. |
| LV | Sprādzienbīstams gaisa un bezgaisa vidē. |
| LT | Gali sprogti ore arba beorėje erdvėje. |
| HU | Levegővel érintkezve vagy anélkül is robbanásveszélyes. |
| MT | Jista' jisplodi b'kuntatt jew bla kuntatt ma' l-ajra. |
| NL | Ontplofbaar met en zonder lucht. |
| PL | Produkt wybuchowy z dostępem lub bez dostępu powietrza. |
| PT | Perigo de explosão com ou sem contacto com o ar. |
| RO | Exploziv în contact sau fără contactul cu aerul. |
| SK | Výbušné pri kontakte alebo bez kontaktu so vzduchom. |
| SL | Eksplozivno v stiku z zrakom ali brez stika z zrakom. |
| FI | Räjähtävää sellaisenaan tai ilman kanssa. |
| SV | Explosivt vid eller utan kontakt med luft. |
EUH 014 | Language | |
| BG | Реагира бурно с вода. |
| ES | Reacciona violentamente con el agua. |
| CS | Prudce reaguje s vodou. |
| DA | Reagerer voldsomt med vand. |
| DE | Reagiert heftig mit Wasser. |
| ET | Reageerib ägedalt veega. |
| EL | Αντιδρά βίαια με νερό. |
| EN | Reacts violently with water. |
| FR | Réagit violemment au contact de l'eau. |
| GA | Imoibríonn go foirtil le huisce. |
| IT | Reagisce violentemente con l'acqua. |
| LV | Aktīvi reaģē ar ūdeni. |
| LT | Smarkiai reaguoja su vandeniu. |
| HU | Vízzel hevesen reagál. |
| MT | Jirreaġixxi bil-qawwa meta jmiss l-ilma. |
| NL | Reageert heftig met water. |
| PL | Reaguje gwałtownie z wodą. |
| PT | Reage violentamente em contacto com a água. |
| RO | Reacţionează violent în contact cu apa. |
| SK | Prudko reaguje s vodou. |
| SL | Burno reagira z vodo. |
| FI | Reagoi voimakkaasti veden kanssa. |
| SV | Reagerar häftigt med vatten. |
EUH 018 | Language | |
| BG | При употреба може да се образува запалима/експлозивна паровъздушнa смес. |
| ES | Al usarlo pueden formarse mezclas aire-vapor explosivas o inflamables. |
| CS | Při používání může vytvářet hořlavé nebo výbušné směsi par se vzduchem. |
| DA | Ved brug kan brandbarlige dampe/eksplosive damp-luftblandinger dannes. |
| DE | Kann bei Verwendung explosionsfähige/entzündbare Dampf/Luft-Gemische bilden. |
| ET | Kasutamisel võib moodustuda tule-/plahvatusohtlik auru-õhu segu. |
| EL | Κατά τη χρήση μπορεί να σχηματίσει εύφλεκτα/εκρηκτικά μείγματα ατμού-αέρος. |
| EN | In use may form flammable/explosive vapour-air mixture. |
| FR | Lors de l'utilisation, formation possible de mélange vapeur-air inflammable/explosif. |
| GA | Agus é á úsáid d'fhéadfaí meascán inadhainte/pléascach gaile-aeir a chruthú. |
| IT | Durante l'uso può formarsi una miscela vapore-aria esplosiva/infiammabile. |
| LV | Izmantojot var veidot uzliesmojošu vai sprādzienbīstamu tvaiku un gaisa maisījumu. |
| LT | Naudojama gali sudaryti degius (sprogius) garų-oro mišinius. |
| HU | A használat során tűzveszélyes/robbanásveszélyes gőz/levegő elegy keletkezhet. |
| MT | Meta jintuża jista' jifforma taħlitiet esplussivi jew li jaqbdu jekk jitħallat ma' l-arja. |
| NL | Kan bij gebruik een ontvlambaar/ontplofbaar damp-luchtmengsel vormen. |
| PL | Podczas stosowania mogą powstawać łatwopalne lub wybuchowe mieszaniny par z powietrzem. |
| PT | Pode formar mistura vapor-ar explosiva/inflamável durante a utilização. |
| RO | În timpul utilizării poate forma un amestec vapori-aer, inflamabil/exploziv. |
| SK | Pri použití môže vytvárat’ horľavú/výbušnú zmes pár so vzduchom. |
| SL | Pri uporabi lahko tvori vnetljivo/eksplozivno zmes hlapi-zrak. |
| FI | Käytössä voi muodostua syttyvä/räjähtävä höyry-ilmaseos. |
| SV | Vid användning kan brännbara/explosiva ång-luftblandningar bildas. |
EUH 019 | Language | |
| BG | Може да образува експлозивни пероксиди. |
| ES | Puede formar peróxidos explosivos. |
| CS | Může vytvářet výbušné peroxidy. |
| DA | Kan danne eksplosive peroxider. |
| DE | Kann explosionsfähige Peroxide bilden. |
| ET | Võib moodustada plahvatusohtlikke peroksiide. |
| EL | Μπορεί να σχηματίσει εκρηκτικά υπεροξείδια. |
| EN | May form explosive peroxides. |
| FR | Peut former des peroxydes explosifs. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh sé sárocsaídí pléascacha a chruthú. |
| IT | Può formare perossidi esplosivi. |
| LV | Var veidot sprādzienbīstamus peroksīdus. |
| LT | Gali sudaryti sprogius peroksidus. |
| HU | Robbanásveszélyes peroxidokat képezhet. |
| MT | Jista' jifforma perossidi esplussivi. |
| NL | Kan ontplofbare peroxiden vormen. |
| PL | Może tworzyć wybuchowe nadtlenki. |
| PT | Pode formar peróxidos explosivos. |
| RO | Poate forma peroxizi explozivi. |
| SK | Môže vytvárat’ výbušné peroxidy. |
| SL | Lahko tvori eksplozivne perokside. |
| FI | Saattaa muodostaa räjähtäviä peroksideja. |
| SV | Kan bilda explosiva peroxider. |
EUH 044 | Language | |
| BG | Риск от експлозия при нагряване в затворено пространство. |
| ES | Riesgo de explosión al calentarlo en ambiente confinado. |
| CS | Nebezpečí výbuchu při zahřátí v uzavřeném obalu. |
| DA | Eksplosionsfarlig ved opvarmning under indeslutning. |
| DE | Explosionsgefahr bei Erhitzen unter Einschluss. |
| ET | Plahvatusohtlik kuumutamisel kinnises mahutis. |
| EL | Κίνδυνος εκρήξεως εάν θερμανθεί υπό περιορισμό. |
| EN | Risk of explosion if heated under confinement. |
| FR | Risque d'explosion si chauffé en ambiance confinée. |
| GA | Baol pléasctha arna théamh i limistéar iata. |
| IT | Rischio di esplosione per riscaldamento in ambiente confinato. |
| LV | Sprādziena draudi, karsējot slēgtā vidē. |
| LT | Gali sprogti, jei kaitinama sandariai uždaryta. |
| HU | Zárt térben hő hatására robbanhat. |
| MT | Riskju ta' splużjoni jekk jissaħħan fil-magħluq. |
| NL | Ontploffingsgevaar bij verwarming in afgesloten toestand. |
| PL | Zagrożenie wybuchem po ogrzaniu w zamkniętym pojemniku. |
| PT | Risco de explosão se aquecido em ambiente fechado. |
| RO | Risc de explozie, dacă este încălzit în spaţiu închis. |
| SK | Riziko výbuchu pri zahrievaní v uzavretom priestore. |
| SL | Nevarnost eksplozije ob segrevanju v zaprtem prostoru. |
| FI | Räjähdysvaara kuumennettaessa suljetussa astiassa. |
| SV | Explosionsrisk vid uppvärmning i sluten behållare. |
Table 2.2
Health properties
EUH 029 | Language | |
| BG | При контакт с вода се отделя токсичен газ. |
| ES | En contacto con agua libera gases tóxicos. |
| CS | Uvolňuje toxický plyn při styku s vodou. |
| DA | Udvikler giftig gas ved kontakt med vand. |
| DE | Entwickelt bei Berührung mit Wasser giftige Gase. |
| ET | Kokkupuutel veega eraldub mürgine gaas. |
| EL | Σε επαφή με το νερό ελευθερώνονται τοξικά αέρια. |
| EN | Contact with water liberates toxic gas. |
| FR | Au contact de l'eau, dégage des gaz toxiques. |
| GA | I dteagmháil le huisce scaoiltear gás tocsaineach. |
| IT | A contatto con l'acqua libera un gas tossico. |
| LV | Saskaroties ar ūdeni, izdala toksiskas gāzes. |
| LT | Kontaktuodama su vandeniu išskiria toksiškas dujas. |
| HU | Vízzel érintkezve mérgező gázok képződnek. |
| MT | Jitfa' gass tossiku meta jmiss l-ilma. |
| NL | Vormt giftig gas in contact met water. |
| PL | W kontakcie z wodą uwalnia toksyczne gazy. |
| PT | Em contacto com a água liberta gases tóxicos. |
| RO | În contact cu apa, degajă un gaz toxic. |
| SK | Pri kontakte s vodou uvoľňuje toxický plyn. |
| SL | V stiku z vodo se sprošča strupen plin. |
| FI | Kehittää myrkyllistä kaasua veden kanssa. |
| SV | Utvecklar giftig gas vid kontakt med vatten. |
EUH 031 | Language | |
| BG | При контакт с киселини се отделя токсичен газ. |
| ES | En contacto con ácidos libera gases tóxicos. |
| CS | Uvolňuje toxický plyn při styku s kyselinami. |
| DA | Udvikler giftig gas ved kontakt med syre. |
| DE | Entwickelt bei Berührung mit Säure giftige Gase. |
| ET | Kokkupuutel hapetega eraldub mürgine gaas. |
| EL | Σε επαφή με οξέα ελευθερώνονται τοξικά αέρια. |
| EN | Contact with acids liberates toxic gas. |
| FR | Au contact d'un acide, dégage un gaz toxique. |
| GA | I dteagmháil le haigéid scaoiltear gás tocsaineach. |
| IT | A contatto con acidi libera gas tossici. |
| LV | Saskaroties ar skābēm, izdala toksiskas gāzes. |
| LT | Kontaktuodama su rūgštimis išskiria toksiškas dujas. |
| HU | Savval érintkezve mérgező gázok képződnek. |
| MT | Jitfa' gass tossiku meta jmiss l-aċidi. |
| NL | Vormt giftig gas in contact met zuren. |
| PL | W kontakcie z kwasami uwalnia toksyczne gazy. |
| PT | Em contacto com ácidos liberta gases tóxicos. |
| RO | În contact cu acizi, degajă un gaz toxic. |
| SK | Pri kontakte s kyselinami uvoľňuje toxický plyn. |
| SL | V stiku s kislinami se sprošča strupen plin. |
| FI | Kehittää myrkyllistä kaasua hapon kanssa. |
| SV | Utvecklar giftig gas vid kontakt med syra. |
EUH 032 | Language | |
| BG | При контакт с киселини се отделя силно токсичен газ. |
| ES | En contacto con ácidos libera gases muy tóxicos. |
| CS | Uvolňuje vysoce toxický plyn při styku s kyselinami. |
| DA | Udvikler meget giftig gas ved kontakt med syre. |
| DE | Entwickelt bei Berührung mit Säure sehr giftige Gase. |
| ET | Kokkupuutel hapetega eraldub väga mürgine gaas. |
| EL | Σε επαφή με οξέα ελευθερώνονται πολύ τοξικά αέρια. |
| EN | Contact with acids liberates very toxic gas. |
| FR | Au contact d'un acide, dégage un gaz très toxique. |
| GA | I dteagmháil le haigéid scaoiltear gás an-tocsaineach. |
| IT | A contatto con acidi libera gas molto tossici. |
| LV | Saskaroties ar skābēm, izdala ļoti toksiskas gāzes. |
| LT | Kontaktuodama su rūgštimis išskiria labai toksiškas dujas. |
| HU | Savval érintkezve nagyon mérgező gázok képződnek. |
| MT | Jitfa' gass tossiku ħafna meta jmiss l-aċidi. |
| NL | Vormt zeer giftig gas in contact met zuren. |
| PL | W kontakcie z kwasami uwalnia bardzo toksyczne gazy. |
| PT | Em contacto com ácidos liberta gases muito tóxicos. |
| RO | În contact cu acizi, degajă un gaz foarte toxic. |
| SK | Pri kontakte s kyselinami uvoľňuje veľmi toxický plyn. |
| SL | V stiku s kislinami se sprošča zelo strupen plin. |
| FI | Kehittää erittäin myrkyllistä kaasua hapon kanssa. |
| SV | Utvecklar mycket giftig gas vid kontakt med syra. |
EUH 066 | Language | |
| BG | Повтарящата се експозиция може да предизвика изсушаване или напукване на кожата. |
| ES | La exposición repetida puede provocar sequedad o formación de grietas en la piel. |
| CS | Opakovaná expozice může způsobit vysušení nebo popraskání kůže. |
| DA | Gentagen kontakt kan give tør eller revnet hud. |
| DE | Wiederholter Kontakt kann zu spröder oder rissiger Haut führen. |
| ET | Korduv kokkupuude võib põhjustada naha kuivust või lõhenemist. |
| EL | Παρατεταμένη έκθεση μπορεί να προκαλέσει ξηρότητα δέρματος ή σκάσιμο. |
| EN | Repeated exposure may cause skin dryness or cracking. |
| FR | L'exposition répétée peut provoquer dessèchement ou gerçures de la peau. |
| GA | D'fhéadfadh tirimeacht chraicinn nó scoilteadh craicinn a bheith mar thoradh ar ilnochtadh. |
| IT | L'esposizione ripetuta può provocare secchezza o screpolature della pelle. |
| LV | Atkārtota iedarbība var radīt sausu ādu vai izraisīt tās sprēgāšanu. |
| LT | Pakartotinis poveikis gali sukelti odos džiūvimą arba skilinėjimą. |
| HU | Ismétlődő expozíció a bőr kiszáradását vagy megrepedezését okozhatja. |
| MT | Espożizzjoni ripetuta tista' tikkaġuna nxif jew qsim tal-ġilda. |
| NL | Herhaalde blootstelling kan een droge of een gebarsten huid veroorzaken. |
| PL | Powtarzające się narażenie może powodować wysuszanie lub pękanie skóry. |
| PT | Pode provocar pele seca ou gretada, por exposição repetida. |
| RO | Expunerea repetată poate provoca uscarea sau crăparea pielii. |
| SK | Opakovaná expozícia môže spôsobit’ vysušenie alebo popraskanie pokožky. |
| SL | Ponavljajoča izpostavljenost lahko povzroči nastanek suhe ali razpokane kože. |
| FI | Toistuva altistus voi aiheuttaa ihon kuivumista tai halkeilua. |
| SV | Upprepad kontakt kan ge torr hud eller hudsprickor. |
EUH 070 | Language | |
| BG | Токсично при контакт с очите. |
| ES | Tóxico en contacto con los ojos. |
| CS | Toxický při styku s očima. |
| DA | Giftig ved kontakt med øjnene. |
| DE | Giftig bei Berührung mit den Augen. |
| ET | Silma sattumisel mürgine. |
| EL | Τοξικό σε επαφή με τα μάτια. |
| EN | Toxic by eye contact. |
| FR | Toxique par contact oculaire. |
| GA | Tocsaineach trí theagmháil leis an tsúil. |
| IT | Tossico per contatto oculare. |
| LV | Toksisks saskarē ar acīm. |
| LT | Toksiška patekus į akis. |
| HU | Szembe kerülve mérgező. |
| MT | Tossiku meta jmiss ma’ l-għajnejn. |
| NL | Giftig bij oogcontact. |
| PL | Działa toksycznie w kontakcie z oczami. |
| PT | Tóxico por contacto com os olhos. |
| RO | Toxic în caz de contact cu ochii. |
| SK | Toxické pri kontakte s očami. |
| SL | Strupeno ob stiku z očmi. |
| FI | Myrkyllistä joutuessaan silmään. |
| SV | Giftigt vid kontakt med ögonen. |
EUH 071 | Language | |
| BG | Корозивен за дихателните пътища. |
| ES | Corrosivo para las vías respiratorias. |
| CS | Způsobuje poleptání dýchacích cest. |
| DA | Ætsende for luftvejene. |
| DE | Wirkt ätzend auf die Atemwege. |
| ET | Söövitav hingamisteedele. |
| EL | Διαβρωτικό της αναπνευστικής οδού. |
| EN | Corrosive to the respiratory tract. |
| FR | Corrosif pour les voies respiratoires. |
| GA | Creimneach don chonair riospráide. |
| IT | Corrosivo per le vie respiratorie. |
| LV | Kodīgs elpceļiem. |
| LT | Ėsdina kvėpavimo takus. |
| HU | Maró hatású a légutakra. |
| MT | Korrużiv għas-sistema respiratorja. |
| NL | Bijtend voor de luchtwegen. |
| PL | Działa żrąco na drogi oddechowe. |
| PT | Corrosivo para as vias respiratórias. |
| RO | Corosiv pentru căile respiratorii. |
| SK | Žieravé pre dýchacie cesty. |
| SL | Jedko za dihalne poti. |
| FI | Hengityselimiä syövyttävää. |
| SV | Frätande på luftvägarna. |
Table 2.3
Environmental properties
EUH 059 | Language | Additional EU Hazard Class |
| BG | Опасно за озоновия слой. |
| ES | Peligroso para la capa de ozono. |
| CS | Nebezpečný pro ozonovou vrstvu. |
| DA | Farlig for ozonlaget. |
| DE | Die Ozonschicht schädigend. |
| ET | Ohtlik osoonikihile. |
| EL | Επικίνδυνο για τη στιβάδα του όζοντος. |
| EN | Hazardous to the ozone layer. |
| FR | Dangereux pour la couche d'ozone. |
| GA | Guaiseach don chiseal ózóin. |
| IT | Pericoloso per lo strato di ozono. |
| LV | Bīstams ozona slānim. |
| LT | Pavojinga ozono sluoksniui. |
| HU | Veszélyes az ózonrétegre. |
| MT | Perikoluż għas-saff ta' l-ożonu. |
| NL | Gevaarlijk voor de ozonlaag. |
| PL | Stwarza zagrożenie dla warstwy ozonowej. |
| PT | Perigoso para a camada de ozono. |
| RO | Periculos pentru stratul de ozon. |
| SK | Nebezpečný pre ozónovú vrstvu. |
| SL | Nevarno za ozonski plašč. |
| FI | Vaarallista otsonikerrokselle. |
| SV | Farligt för ozonskiktet. |
3. Part 3: supplemental label elements/information on certain substances and mixtures
EUH 201/ 201A | Language | |
201 201A | BG | Съдържа олово. Да не се използва върху повърхност, която евентуално може да се дъвче или смуче от деца. Внимание! Съдържа олово. |
201 201A | ES | Contiene plomo. No utilizar en objetos que los niños puedan masticar o chupar. ¡Atención! Contiene plomo. |
201 201A | CS | Obsahuje olovo. Nemá se používat na povrchy, které mohou okusovat nebo olizovat děti. Pozor! Obsahuje olovo. |
201 201A | DA | Indeholder bly. Må ikke anvendes på genstande, som børn vil kunne tygge eller sutte på. Advarsel! Indeholder bly. |
201 201A | DE | Enthält Blei. Nicht für den Anstrich von Gegenständen verwenden, die von Kindern gekaut oder gelutscht werden könnten. Achtung! Enthält Blei. |
201 201A | ET | Sisaldab pliid. Mitte kasutada pindadel, mida lapsed võivad närida või imeda. Ettevaatust! Sisaldab pliid. |
201 201A | EL | Περιέχει μόλυβδο. Να μη χρησιμοποιείται σε επιφάνειες που είναι πιθανόν να μασήσουν ή να πιπιλίσουν τα παιδιά. Προσοχή! Περιέχει μόλυβδο. |
201 201A | EN | Contains lead. Should not be used on surfaces liable to be chewed or sucked by children. Warning! Contains lead. |
201 201A | FR | Contient du plomb. Ne pas utiliser sur les objets susceptibles d'être mâchés ou sucés par des enfants. Attention! Contient du plomb. |
201 201A | GA | Luaidhe ann. Níor chóir a úsáid ar dhromchlaí a d'fhéadfadh a bheith á gcogaint nó á sú ag leanaí. Rabhadh! Luaidhe ann. |
201 201A | IT | Contiene piombo. Non utilizzare su oggetti che possono essere masticati o succhiati dai bambini. Attenzione! Contiene piombo. |
201 201A | LV | Satur svinu. Nedrīkst lietot uz virsmām, kuras var nonākt bērnam mutē. Brīdinājums! Satur svinu. |
201 201A | LT | Sudėtyje yra švino. Nenaudoti paviršiams, kurie gali būti vaikų kramtomi arba čiulpiami. Atsargiai! Sudėtyje yra švino. |
201 201A | HU | Ólmot tartalmaz. Tilos olyan felületeken használni, amelyeket gyermekek szájukba vehetnek. Figyelem! Ólmot tartalmaz. |
201 201A | MT | Fih iċ-ċomb. M'għandux jintuża' fuq uċuh li x'aktarx jomogħduhom jew jerdgħuhom it-tfal. Twissija! Fih iċ-ċomb. |
201 201A | NL | Bevat lood. Mag niet worden gebruikt voor voorwerpen waarin kinderen kunnen bijten of waaraan kinderen kunnen zuigen. Let op! Bevat lood. |
201 201A | PL | Zawiera ołów. Nie należy stosować na powierzchniach, które mogą być gryzione lub ssane przez dzieci. Uwaga! Zawiera ołów. |
201 201A | PT | Contém chumbo. Não utilizar em superfícies que possam ser mordidas ou chupadas por crianças. Atenção! Contém chumbo. |
201 201A | RO | Conţine plumb. A nu se utiliza pe obiecte care pot fi mestecate sau supte de copii. Atenţie! Conţine plumb. |
201 201A | SK | Obsahuje olovo. Nepoužívajte na povrchy, ktoré by mohli žuť alebo oblizovať deti. Pozor! Obsahuje olovo. |
201 201A | SL | Vsebuje svinec. Ne sme se nanašati na površine, ki bi jih lahko žvečili ali sesali otroci. Pozor! Vsebuje svinec. |
201 201A | FI | Sisältää lyijyä. Ei saa käyttää pintoihin, joita lapset voivat pureskella tai imeä. Varoitus! Sisältää lyijyä. |
201 201A | SV | Innehåller bly. Bör inte användas på ytor där barn kan komma åt att tugga eller suga. Varning! Innehåller bly. |
EUH 202 | Language | |
| BG | Цианокрилат. Опасно. Залепва кожата и очите за секунди. Да се съхранява извън обсега на деца. |
| ES | Cianoacrilato. Peligro. Se adhiere a la piel y a los ojos en pocos segundos. Mantener fuera del alcance de los niños. |
| CS | Kyanoakrylát. Nebezpečí. Okamžitě slepuje kůži a oči. Uchovávejte mimo dosah dětí. |
| DA | Cyanoacrylat. Farligt. Klæber til huden og øjnene på få sekunder. Opbevares utilgængeligt for børn. |
| DE | Cyanacrylat. Gefahr. Klebt innerhalb von Sekunden Haut und Augenlider zusammen. Darf nicht in die Hände von Kindern gelangen. |
| ET | Tsüanoakrülaat. Ohtlik. Liimib naha ja silmad hetkega. Hoida lastele kättesaamatus kohas. |
| EL | Κυανοακρυλική ένωση. Κίνδυνος. Κολλάει στην επιδερμίδα και στα μάτια μέσα σε λίγα δευτερόλεπτα. Να φυλάσσεται μακριά από παιδιά. |
| EN | Cyanoacrylate. Danger. Bonds skin and eyes in seconds. Keep out of the reach of children. |
| FR | Cyanoacrylate. Danger. Colle à la peau et aux yeux en quelques secondes. À conserver hors de portée des enfants. |
| GA | Cianaicrioláit. Contúirt. Nascann craiceann agus súile laistigh de shoicindí. Coimeád as aimsiú leanaí. |
| IT | Cianoacrilato. Pericolo. Incolla la pelle e gli occhi in pochi secondi. Tenere fuori dalla portata dei bambini. |
| LV | Ciānakrilāts. Bīstami. Iedarbība uz acīm un ādu tūlītēja. Sargāt no bērniem. |
| LT | Cianakrilatas. Pavojinga. Staigiai suklijuoja odą ir akis. Laikyti vaikams neprieinamoje vietoje. |
| HU | Cianoakrilát. Veszély! Néhány másodperc alatt a bőrre és a szembe ragad. Gyermekektől elzárva tartandó. |
| MT | Cyanoacrylate. Periklu. Iwaħħal il-ġilda u l-għajnejn fi ftit sekondi. Żomm ‘il bogħod minn fejn jistgħu jilħquh it-tfal. |
| NL | Cyanoacrylaat. Gevaarlijk. Kleeft binnen enkele seconden aan huid en oogleden. Buiten het bereik van kinderen houden. |
| PL | Cyjanoakrylany. Niebezpieczeństwo. Skleja skórę i powieki w ciągu kilku sekund. Chronić przed dziećmi. |
| PT | Cianoacrilato. Perigo. Cola à pele e aos olhos em poucos segundos. Manter fora do alcance das crianças. |
| RO | Cianoacrilat. Pericol. Se lipeşte de piele şi ochi în câteva secunde. A nu se lăsa la îndemâna copiilor. |
| SK | Kyanoakrylát. Nebezpečenstvo. V priebehu niekoľkých sekúnd zlepí pokožku a oči. Uchovávajte mimo dosahu detí. |
| SL | Cianoakrilat. Nevarno. Kožo in oči zlepi v nekaj sekundah. Hraniti zunaj dosega otrok. |
| FI | Syanoakrylaattia. Vaara. Liimaa ihon ja silmät hetkessä. Säilytettävä lasten ulottumattomissa. |
| SV | Cyanoakrylat. Fara. Fäster snabbt på hud och ögon. Förvaras oåtkomligt för barn. |
EUH 203 | Language | |
| BG | Съдържа хром (VI). Може да причини алергична реакция. |
| ES | Contiene cromo (VI). Puede provocar una reacción alérgica. |
| CS | Obsahuje chrom (VI). Může vyvolat alergickou reakci. |
| DA | Indeholder krom (VI). Kan udløse allergisk reaktion. |
| DE | Enthält Chrom (VI). Kann allergische Reaktionen hervorrufen. |
| ET | Sisaldab kroomi (VI). Võib esile kutsuda allergilise reaktsiooni. |
| EL | Περιέχει χρώμιο (VI). Μπορεί να προκαλέσει αλλεργική αντίδραση. |
| EN | Contains chromium (VI). May produce an allergic reaction. |
| FR | Contient du chrome (VI). Peut produire une réaction allergique. |
| GA | Cróimiam (VI) ann. D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le frithghníomh ailléirgeach. |
| IT | Contiene cromo (VI). Può provocare una reazione allergica. |
| LV | Satur hromu (VI). Var izraisīt alerģisku reakciju. |
| LT | Sudėtyje yra chromo (VI). Gali sukelti alerginę reakciją. |
| HU | Krómot (VI) tartalmaz. Allergiás reakciót válthat ki. |
| MT | Fih il-kromju (VI). Jista’ joħloq reazzjoni allerġika. |
| NL | Bevat zeswaardig chroom. Kan een allergische reactie veroorzaken. |
| PL | Zawiera chrom (VI). Może powodować wystąpienie reakcji alergicznej. |
| PT | Contém crómio (VI). Pode provocar uma reacção alérgica. |
| RO | Conţine crom (VI). Poate provoca o reacţie alergică. |
| SK | Obsahuje chróm (VI). Môže vyvolať alergickú reakciu. |
| SL | Vsebuje krom (VI). Lahko povzroči alergijski odziv. |
| FI | Sisältää kromi(VI)-yhdisteitä. Voi aiheuttaa allergisen reaktion. |
| SV | Innehåller krom (VI). Kan orsaka en allergisk reaktion. |
EUH 204 | Language | |
| BG | Съдържа изоцианати. Може да причини алергична реакция. |
| ES | Contiene isocianatos. Puede provocar una reacción alérgica. |
| CS | Obsahuje isokyanáty. Může vyvolat alergickou reakci. |
| DA | Indeholder isocyanater. Kan udløse allergisk reaktion. |
| DE | Enthält Isocyanate. Kann allergische Reaktionen hervorrufen. |
| ET | Sisaldab isotsüanaate. Võib esile kutsuda allergilise reaktsiooni. |
| EL | Περιέχει ισοκυανικές ενώσεις. Μπορεί να προκαλέσει αλλεργική αντίδραση. |
| EN | Contains isocyanates. May produce an allergic reaction. |
| FR | Contient des isocyanates. Peut produire une réaction allergique. |
| GA | Isicianaítí ann. D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le frithghníomh ailléirgeach. |
| IT | Contiene isocianati. Può provocare una reazione allergica. |
| LV | Satur izocianātus. Var izraisīt alerģisku reakciju. |
| LT | Sudėtyje yra izocianatų. Gali sukelti alerginę reakciją. |
| HU | Izocianátokat tartalmaz. Allergiás reakciót válthat ki. |
| MT | Fih l-isocyanates. Jista’ jagħmel reazzjoni allerġika. |
| NL | Bevat isocyanaten. Kan een allergische reactie veroorzaken. |
| PL | Zawiera izocyjaniany. Może powodować wystąpienie reakcji alergicznej. |
| PT | Contém isocianatos. Pode provocar uma reacção alérgica. |
| RO | Conţine izocianaţi. Poate provoca o reacţie alergică. |
| SK | Obsahuje izokyanáty. Môže vyvolať alergickú reakciu. |
| SL | Vsebuje izocianate. Lahko povzroči alergijski odziv. |
| FI | Sisältää isosyanaatteja. Voi aiheuttaa allergisen reaktion. |
| SV | Innehåller isocyanater. Kan orsaka en allergisk reaktion. |
EUH 205 | Language | |
| BG | Съдържа епоксидни съставки. Може да причини алергична реакция. |
| ES | Contiene componentes epoxídicos. Puede provocar una reacción alérgica. |
| CS | Obsahuje epoxidové složky. Může vyvolat alergickou reakci. |
| DA | Indeholder epoxyforbindelser. Kan udløse allergisk reaktion. |
| DE | Enthält epoxidhaltige Verbindungen. Kann allergische Reaktionen hervorrufen. |
| ET | Sisaldab epoksükomponente. Võib esile kutsuda allergilise reaktsiooni. |
| EL | Περιέχει εποξειδικές ενώσεις. Μπορεί να προκαλέσει αλλεργική αντίδραση. |
| EN | Contains epoxy constituents. May produce an allergic reaction. |
| FR | Contient des composés époxydiques. Peut produire une réaction allergique. |
| GA | Comhábhair eapocsacha ann. D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le frithghníomh ailléirgeach. |
| IT | Contiene componenti epossidici. Può provocare una reazione allergica. |
| LV | Satur epoksīda sastāvdaļas. Var izraisīt alerģisku reakciju. |
| LT | Sudėtyje yra epoksidinių komponentų. Gali sukelti alerginę reakciją. |
| HU | Epoxid tartalmú vegyületeket tartalmaz. Allergiás reakciót válthat ki. |
| MT | Fih kostitwenti ta’ l-eposside. Jista’ jagħmel reazzjoni allerġika. |
| NL | Bevat epoxyverbindingen. Kan een allergische reactie veroorzaken. |
| PL | Zawiera składniki epoksydowe. Może powodować wystąpienie reakcji alergicznej. |
| PT | Contém componentes epoxídicos. Pode provocar uma reacção alérgica. |
| RO | Conţine componenţi epoxidici. Poate provoca o reacţie alergică. |
| SK | Obsahuje epoxidové zložky. Môže vyvolať alergickú reakciu. |
| SL | Vsebuje epoksidne sestavine. Lahko povzroči alergijski odziv. |
| FI | Sisältää epoksihartseja. Voi aiheuttaa allergisen reaktion. |
| SV | Innehåller epoxiförening. Kan orsaka en allergisk reaktion. |
EUH 206 | Language | |
| BG | Внимание! Да не се използва заедно с други продукти. Може да отдели опасни газове (хлор). |
| ES | ¡Atención! No utilizar junto con otros productos. Puede desprender gases peligrosos (cloro). |
| CS | Pozor! Nepoužívejte společně s jinými výrobky. Může uvolňovat nebezpečné plyny (chlor). |
| DA | Advarsel! Må ikke anvendes i forbindelse med andre produkter. Farlige luftarter (chlor) kan frigøres. |
| DE | Achtung! Nicht zusammen mit anderen Produkten verwenden, da gefährliche Gase (Chlor) freigesetzt werden können. |
| ET | Ettevaatust! Mitte kasutada koos teiste toodetega. Segust võib eralduda ohtlikke gaase (kloori). |
| EL | Προσοχή! Να μην χρησιμοποιείται σε συνδυασμό με άλλα προϊόντα. Μπορεί να ελευθερωθούν επικίνδυνα αέρια (χλώριο). |
| EN | Warning! Do not use together with other products. May release dangerous gases (chlorine). |
| FR | Attention! Ne pas utiliser en combinaison avec d'autres produits. Peut libérer des gaz dangereux (chlore). |
| GA | Rabhadh! Ná húsáid in éineacht le táirgí eile. D'fhéadfadh sé go scaoilfí gáis chontúirteacha (clóirín). |
| IT | Attenzione! Non utilizzare in combinazione con altri prodotti. Possono liberarsi gas pericolosi (cloro). |
| LV | Brīdinājums! Nelietot kopā ar citiem produktiem. Var izdalīt bīstamas gāzes (hloru). |
| LT | Atsargiai! Nenaudoti kartu su kitais produktais. Gali išskirti pavojingas dujas (chlorą). |
| HU | Figyelem! Tilos más termékekkel együtt használni. Veszélyes gázok (klór) szabadulhatnak fel. |
| MT | Twissija! Tużahx flimkien ma’ prodotti oħra. Jista’ jerħi gassijiet perikolużi (kloru). |
| NL | Let op! Niet in combinatie met andere producten gebruiken. Er kunnen gevaarlijke gassen (chloor) vrijkomen. |
| PL | Uwaga! Nie stosować razem z innymi produktami. Może wydzielać niebezpieczne gazy (chlor). |
| PT | Atenção! Não utilizar juntamente com outros produtos. Podem libertar-se gases perigosos (cloro). |
| RO | Atenţie! A nu se folosi împreună cu alte produse. Poate elibera gaze periculoase (clor). |
| SK | Pozor! Nepoužívajte spolu s inými výrobkami. Môžu uvoľňovať nebezpečné plyny (chlór). |
| SL | Pozor! Ne uporabljajte skupaj z drugimi izdelki. Lahko se sproščajo nevarni plini (klor). |
| FI | Varoitus! Älä käytä yhdessä muiden tuotteiden kanssa. Tuotteesta voi vapautua vaarallista kaasua (klooria). |
| SV | Varning! Får ej användas tillsammans med andra produkter. Kan avge farliga gaser (klor). |
EUH 207 | Language | |
| BG | Внимание! Съдържа кадмий. При употреба се образуват опасни пари. Вижте информацията, предоставена от производителя. Спазвайте инструкциите за безопасност. |
| ES | ¡Atención! Contiene cadmio. Durante su utilización se desprenden vapores peligrosos. Ver la información facilitada por el fabricante. Seguir las instrucciones de seguridad. |
| CS | Pozor! Obsahuje kadmium. Při používání vznikají nebezpečné výpary. Viz informace dodané výrobcem. Dodržujte bezpečnostní pokyny. |
| DA | Advarsel! Indeholder cadmium. Der udvikles farlige dampe under anvendelsen. Se producentens oplysninger. Overhold sikkerhedsforskrifterne. |
| DE | Achtung! Enthält Cadmium. Bei der Verwendung entstehen gefährliche Dämpfe. Hinweise des Herstellers beachten. Sicherheitsanweisungen einhalten. |
| ET | Ettevaatust! Sisaldab kaadmiumi. Kasutamisel moodustuvad ohtlikud aurud. Vt tootja esitatud teavet. Järgida ohutuseeskirju. |
| EL | Προσοχή! Περιέχει κάδμιο. Κατά τη χρήση αναπτύσσονται επικίνδυνες αναθυμιάσεις. Βλέπετε πληροφορίες του κατασκευαστή. Τηρείτε τις οδηγίες ασφαλείας. |
| EN | Warning! Contains cadmium. Dangerous fumes are formed during use. See information supplied by the manufacturer. Comply with the safety instructions. |
| FR | Attention! Contient du cadmium. Des fumées dangereuses se développent pendant l'utilisation. Voir les informations fournies par le fabricant. Respectez les consignes de sécurité. |
| GA | Rabhadh! Caidmiam ann. Cruthaítear múch chontúirteach le linn a úsáide. Féach an fhaisnéis atá curtha ar fáil ag an monaróir. Cloígh leis na treoracha sábháilteachta. |
| IT | Attenzione! Contiene cadmio. Durante l'uso si sviluppano fumi pericolosi. Leggere le informazioni fornite dal fabbricante. Rispettare le disposizioni di sicurezza. |
| LV | Brīdinājums! Satur kadmiju. Lietojot veidojas bīstami izgarojumi. Sk. ražotāja sniegto informāciju. Ievērot drošības instrukcijas. |
| LT | Atsargiai! Sudėtyje yra kadmio. Naudojant susidaro pavojingi garai. Žiūrėti gamintojo pateiktą informaciją. Vykdyti saugos instrukcijas. |
| HU | Figyelem! Kadmiumot tartalmaz! A használat során veszélyes füstök képződnek. Lásd a gyártó által közölt információt. Be kell tartani a biztonsági előírásokat. |
| MT | Twissija! Fih il-kadmju. Waqt li jintuża jiffurmaw dħaħen perikolużi. Ara l-informazzjoni mogħtija mill-fabbrikant. Ħares l-istruzzjonijiet dwar is-sigurtà. |
| NL | Let op! Bevat cadmium. Bij het gebruik ontwikkelen zich gevaarlijke dampen. Zie de aanwijzingen van de fabrikant. Neem de veiligheidsvoorschriften in acht. |
| PL | Uwaga! Zawiera kadm. Podczas stosowania wydziela niebezpieczne pary. Zapoznaj się z informacją dostarczoną przez producenta. Przestrzegaj instrukcji bezpiecznego stosowania. |
| PT | Atenção! Contém cádmio. Libertam-se fumos perigosos durante a utilização. Ver as informações fornecidas pelo fabricante. Respeitar as instruções de segurança. |
| RO | Atenţie! Conţine cadmiu. În timpul utilizării se degajă un fum periculos. A se vedea informaţiile furnizate de producător. A se respecta instrucţiunile privind siguranţa. |
| SK | Pozor! Obsahuje kadmium. Pri používaní sa tvorí nebezpečný dym. Pozri informácie od výrobcu. Dodržiavajte bezpečnostné pokyny. |
| SL | Pozor! Vsebuje kadmij. Med uporabo nastajajo nevarni dimi. Preberite informacije proizvajalca. Upoštevajte navodila za varno uporabo. |
| FI | Varoitus! Sisältää kadmiumia. Käytettäessä muodostuu vaarallisia huuruja. Noudata valmistajan antamia ohjeita. Noudata turvallisuusohjeita. |
| SV | Varning! Innehåller kadmium. Farliga ångor bildas vid användning. Se information från tillverkaren. Följ skyddsanvisningarna. |
EUH 208 | Language | |
| BG | Съдържа . Може да предизвика алергична реакция. |
| ES | Contiene . Puede provocar una reacción alérgica. |
| CS | Obsahuje . Může vyvolat alergickou reakci. |
| DA | Indeholder . Kan udløse allergisk reaktion. |
| DE | Enthält . Kann allergische Reaktionen hervorrufen. |
| ET | Sisaldab . Võib esile kutsuda allergilise reaktsiooni. |
| EL | Περιέχει . Μπορεί να προκαλέσει αλλεργική αντίδραση. |
| EN | Contains . May produce an allergic reaction. |
| FR | Contient . Peut produire une réaction allergique. |
| GA | ann. D'fhéadfadh sé a bheith ina chúis le frithghníomh ailléirgeach. |
| IT | Contiene . Può provocare una reazione allergica. |
| LV | Satur . Var izraisīt alerģisku reakciju. |
| LT | Sudėtyje yra . Gali sukelti alerginę reakciją. |
| HU | -t tartalmaz. Allergiás reakciót válthat ki. |
| MT | Fih . Jista’ jagħmel reazzjoni allerġika. |
| NL | Bevat . Kan een allergische reactie veroorzaken. |
| PL | Zawiera . Może powodować wystąpienie reakcji alergicznej. |
| PT | Contém . Pode provocar uma reacção alérgica. |
| RO | Conţine . Poate provoca o reacţie alergică. |
| SK | Obsahuje . Môže vyvolať alergickú reakciu. |
| SL | Vsebuje . Lahko povzroči alergijski odziv. |
| FI | Sisältää . Voi aiheuttaa allergisen reaktion. |
| SV | Innehåller . Kan orsaka en allergisk reaktion. |
EUH 209/ 209A | Language | |
209 209A | BG | При употреба може да стане силно запалимо. При употреба може да стане запалимо. |
209 209A | ES | Puede inflamarse fácilmente al usarlo Puede inflamarse al usarlo. |
209 209A | CS | Při používání se může stát vysoce hořlavým. Při používání se může stát hořlavým. |
209 209A | DA | Kan blive meget brandfarlig ved brug. Kan blive brandfarlig ved brug. |
209 209A | DE | Kann bei Verwendung leicht entzündbar werden. Kann bei Verwendung entzündbar werden. |
209 209A | ET | Kasutamisel võib muutuda väga tuleohtlikuks. Kasutamisel võib muutuda tuleohtlikuks. |
209 209A | EL | Μπορεί να γίνει πολύ εύφλεκτο κατά τη χρήση. Mπορεί να γίνει εύφλεκτο κατά τη χρήση. |
209 209A | EN | Can become highly flammable in use. Can become flammable in use. |
209 209A | FR | Peut devenir facilement inflammable en cours d'utilisation. Peut devenir inflammable en cours d'utilisation. |
209 209A | GA | D'fhéadfadh sé éirí an-inadhainte agus é á úsáid. D'fhéadfadh sé éirí inadhainte agus é á úsáid. |
209 209A | IT | Può diventare facilmente infiammabile durante l'uso. Può diventare infiammabile durante l'uso. |
209 209A | LV | Lietojot var viegli uzliesmot. Kļūt uzliesmojošs. |
209 209A | LT | Naudojama gali tapti labai degi. Naudojama gali tapti degi. |
209 209A | HU | A használat során fokozottan tűzveszélyessé válhat. A használat során tűzveszélyessé válhat. |
209 209A | MT | Jista’ jieħu n-nar faċilment meta jintuża. Jista’ jieħu n-nar meta jintuża. |
209 209A | NL | Kan bij gebruik licht ontvlambaar worden. Kan bij gebruik ontvlambaar worden. |
209 209A | PL | Podczas stosowania może przekształcić się w substancję wysoce łatwopalną. Podczas stosowania może przekształcić się w substancję łatwopalną. |
209 209A | PT | Pode tornar-se facilmente inflamável durante o uso. Pode tornar-se inflamável durante o uso. |
209 209A | RO | Poate deveni foarte inflamabil în timpul utilizării. Poate deveni inflamabil în timpul utilizării. |
209 209A | SK | Pri používaní sa môže stať veľmi horľavou. Pri používaní sa môže stať horľavou. |
209 209A | SL | Med uporabo utegne postati lahko vnetljivo. Med uporabo utegne postati vnetljivo. |
209 209A | FI | Voi muuttua helposti syttyväksi käytössä. Voi muuttua syttyväksi käytössä. |
209 209A | SV | Kan bli mycket brandfarligt vid användning. Kan bli brandfarligt vid användning. |
EUH 210 | Language | |
| BG | Информационен лист за безопасност ще бъде представен при поискване. |
| ES | Puede solicitarse la ficha de datos de seguridad. |
| CS | Na vyžádání je kodispozici bezpečnostní list. |
| DA | Sikkerhedsdatablad kan på anmodning rekvireres. |
| DE | Sicherheitsdatenblatt auf Anfrage erhältlich. |
| ET | Ohutuskaart nõudmisel kättesaadav. |
| EL | Δελτίο δεδομένων ασφαλείας παρέχεται εφόσον ζητηθεί. |
| EN | Safety data sheet available on request. |
| FR | Fiche de données de sécurité disponible sur demande. |
| GA | Bileog sonraí sábháilteachta ar fáil arna iarraidh sin. |
| IT | Scheda dati di sicurezza disponibile su richiesta. |
| LV | Drošības datu lapa ir pieejama pēc pieprasījuma. |
| LT | Saugos duomenų lapą galima gauti paprašius. |
| HU | Kérésre biztonsági adatlap kapható. |
| MT | Il-karta tad-data dwar is-sikurezza hija disponibbli meta tintalab. |
| NL | Veiligheidsinformatieblad op verzoek verkrijgbaar. |
| PL | Karta charakterystyki dostępna na żądanie. |
| PT | Ficha de segurança fornecida a pedido. |
| RO | Fişa cu date de securitate disponibilă la cerere. |
| SK | Na požiadanie možno poskytnúť kartu bezpečnostných údajov. |
| SL | Varnosti list na voljo na zahtevo. |
| FI | Käyttöturvallisuustiedote toimitetaan pyynnöstä. |
| SV | Säkerhetsdatablad finns att rekvirera. |
EUH 401 | Language | |
| BG | За да се избегнат рискове за човешкото здраве и околната среда, спазвайте инструкциите за употреба. |
| ES | A fin de evitar riesgos para las personas y el medio ambiente, siga las instrucciones de uso. |
| CS | Dodržujte pokyny pro používání, abyste se vyvarovali rizik pro lidské zdraví a životní prostředí. |
| DA | Brugsanvisningen skal følges for ikke at bringe menneskers sundhed og miljøet i fare. |
| DE | Zur Vermeidung von Risiken für Mensch und Umwelt die Gebrauchsanleitung einhalten. |
| ET | Inimeste tervise ja keskkonna ohustamise vältimiseks järgida kasutusjuhendit. |
| EL | Για να αποφύγετε τους κινδύνους για την ανθρώπινη υγεία και το περιβάλλον, ακολουθήστε τις οδηγίες χρήσης. |
| EN | To avoid risks to human health and the environment, comply with the instructions for use. |
| FR | Respectez les instructions d'utilisation pour éviter les risques pour la santé humaine et l'environnement. |
| GA | Chun priacail do shláinte an duine agus don chomhshaol a sheachaint, cloígh leis na treoracha maidir le húsáid. |
| IT | Per evitare rischi per la salute umana e per l'ambiente, seguire le istruzioni per l'uso. |
| LT | Siekiant išvengti žmonių sveikatai ir aplinkai keliamos rizikos, būtina vykdyti naudojimo instrukcijos nurodymus. |
| LV | Lai izvairītos no riska cilvēku veselībai un videi, ievērojiet lietošanas pamācību. |
| HU | Az emberi egészség és a környezet veszélyeztetésének elkerülése érdekében be kell tartani a használati utasítás előírásait. |
| MT | Biex jiġu evitati r-riskji għal saħħet il-bniedem u għall-ambjent, ħares l-istruzzjonijiet dwar l-użu. |
| NL | Volg de gebruiksaanwijzing om gevaar voor de menselijke gezondheid en het milieu te voorkomen. |
| PL | W celu uniknięcia zagrożeń dla zdrowia ludzi i środowiska, należy postępować zgodnie z instrukcją użycia. |
| PT | Para evitar riscos para a saúde humana e para o ambiente, respeitar as instruções de utilização. |
| RO | Pentru a evita riscurile pentru sănătatea umană şi mediu, a se respecta instrucţiunile de utilizare. |
| SK | Dodržiavajte návod na používanie, aby ste zabránili vzniku rizík pre zdravie ľudí a životné prostredie. |
| SL | Da bi se izognili tveganjem za ljudi in okolje, ravnajte v skladu z navodili za uporabo. |
| FI | Noudata käyttöohjeita ihmisen terveydelle ja ympäristölle aiheutuvien vaarojen välttämiseksi. |
| SV | För att undvika risker för människors hälsa och för miljön, följ bruksanvisningen. |
[1] The codification system for GHS hazard statements is still under discussion in the UN Committee of Experts and therefore amendments might be needed.
--------------------------------------------------
ANNEX IV
LIST OF PRECAUTIONARY STATEMENTS
In selecting the precautionary statements in accordance with Articles 22 and 28(3), suppliers may combine the Precautionary Statements in the table below, having regard to clarity and comprehensibility of the precautionary advice.
1. Part 1: Criteria for the selection of precautionary statements
Table 6.1
Precautionary statements — General
Code | General precautionary statements | Hazard class | Hazard category | Conditions for use |
(1) | (2) | (3) | (4) | (5) |
P101 | If medical advice is needed, have product container or label at hand. | as appropriate | | Consumer products |
P102 | Keep out of reach of children. | as appropriate | | Consumer products |
P103 | Read label before use. | as appropriate | | Consumer products |
Table 6.2
Precautionary statements — Prevention
Code | Prevention precautionary statements | Hazard class | Hazard category | Conditions for use |
(1) | (2) | (3) | (4) | (5) |
P201 | Obtain special instructions before use. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosive | |
Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 |
| | Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category | |
P202 | Do not handle until all safety precautions have been read and understood. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosive | |
Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 |
| | Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
P210 | Keep away from heat/sparks/open flames/hot surfaces. — No smoking. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify applicable ignition source(s). |
Flammable gases (section 2.2) | 1, 2 |
Flammable aerosols (section 2.3) | 1, 2 |
| | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Flammable solids (section 2.7) | 1, 2 | |
| | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
| | Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 | |
| | Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 | |
| | Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1, 2, 3 | Specify to keep away from heat. |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1, 2, 3 |
P211 | Do not spray on an open flame or other ignition source. | Flammable aerosols (section 2.3) | 1, 2 | |
P220 | Keep/Store away from clothing/…/combustible materials. | Oxidising gases (section 2.4) | 1 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify incompatible materials. |
Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify incompatible materials. specify to keep away from clothing as well as other incompatible materials. |
2, 3 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify incompatible materials. |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify incompatible materials. specify to keep away from clothing as well as other incompatible materials. |
2, 3 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify incompatible materials. |
| | Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
P221 | Take any precaution to avoid mixing with combustibles/… | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1, 2, 3 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify incompatible materials. |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1, 2, 3 |
P222 | Do not allow contact with air. | Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 | |
Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 |
P223 | Keep away from any possible contact with water, because of violent reaction and possible flash fire. | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2 | |
P230 | Keep wetted with … | Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.5 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify appropriate material. if drying out increases explosion hazard, except as needed for manufacturing or operating processes (e.g. nitrocellulose). |
P231 | Handle under inert gas. | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P232 | Protect from moisture. | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P233 | Keep container tightly closed. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | if product is volatile so as to generate hazardous atmosphere. |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 |
P234 | Keep only in original container. | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
Corrosive to metals (section 2.16) | 1 |
P235 | Keep cool. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Self-reactive substances and mixtures (Section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
Self-heating substances and mixtures (section 2.11) | 1, 2 |
Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
P240 | Ground/bond container and receiving equipment. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | if the explosive is electrostatically sensitive. |
| | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | if electrostatically sensitive material is for reloading.if product is volatile so as to generate hazardous atmosphere. |
| | Flammable solids (section 2.7) | 1, 2 | if electrostatically sensitive material is for reloading. |
P241 | Use explosion-proof electrical/ventilating/lighting/…/equipment. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify other equipment. |
Flammable solids (section 2.7) | 1, 2 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify other equipment. if dust clouds can occur. |
P242 | Use only non-sparking tools. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P243 | Take precautionary measures against static discharge. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P244 | Keep reduction valves free from grease and oil. | Oxidising gases (section 2.4) | 1 | |
P250 | Do not subject to grinding/shock/…/friction. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify applicable rough handling. |
P251 | Pressurized container: Do not pierce or burn, even after use. | Flammable aerosols (section 2.3) | 1, 2 | |
P260 | Do not breathe dust/fume/gas/mist/vapours/spray. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify applicable conditions. |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1, 2 |
Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure (section 3.9) | 1, 2 |
| | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | Specify do not breathe dusts or mists.if inhalable particles of dusts or mists may occur during use. |
Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category |
P261 | Avoid breathing dust/fume/gas/mist/vapours/spray. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 3, 4 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify applicable conditions. |
Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 | |
P262 | Do not get in eyes, on skin, or on clothing. | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | |
P263 | Avoid contact during pregnancy/while nursing. | Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category | |
P264 | Wash … thoroughly after handling. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify parts of the body to be washed after handling. |
Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2 |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
| | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 | |
| | Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1, 2 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure (section 3.9) | 1 | |
P270 | Do not eat, drink or smoke when using this product. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2 |
| | Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1, 2 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure (section 3.9) | 1 | |
P271 | Use only outdoors or in a well-ventilated area. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 |
P272 | Contaminated work clothing should not be allowed out of the workplace. | Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P273 | Avoid release to the environment. | Hazardous to the aquatic environment — acute aquatic hazard (section 4.1) | 1 | if this is not the intended use. |
Hazardous to the aquatic environment — chronic aquatic hazard (section 4.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 |
| | Hazardous to the ozone layer (section 5.1) | 1 | |
P280 | Wear protective gloves/protective clothing/eye protection/face protection. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify type of equipment. Specify face protection. |
| | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify type of equipment. Specify protective gloves and eye/face protection. |
Flammable solids (section 2.7) | 1, 2 |
Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 |
Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 |
| | Self-heating substances and mixtures (section 2.11) | 1, 2 | |
| | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
| | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify type of equipment. Specify protective gloves/clothing. |
| | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | Manufacturer/supplier to specify type of equipment. Specify protective gloves/clothing and eye/face protection. |
| | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify type of equipment. Specify protective gloves. |
Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
| | Serious eye damage/eye irritation (section 3.3) | 1 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify type of equipment. Specify eye/face protection. |
Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 |
P281 | Use personal protective equipment as required. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosive | |
Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 |
| | Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
P282 | Wear cold insulating gloves/face shield/eye protection. | Gases under pressure (section 2.5) | Refrigerated liquefied gas | |
P283 | Wear fire/flame resistant/retardant clothing. | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 |
P284 | Wear respiratory protection. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify equipment. |
P285 | In case of inadequate ventilation wear respiratory protection. | Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | Manufacturer/supplier to specify equipment. |
P231 + P232 | Handle under inert gas. Protect from moisture. | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P235 + P410 | Keep cool. Protect from sunlight. | Self-heating substances and mixtures (section 2.11) | 1, 2 | |
Table 6.3
Precautionary statements — Response
Code | Response precautionary statements | Hazard class | Hazard category | Conditions for use |
(1) | (2) | (3) | (4) | (5) |
P301 | IF SWALLOWED: | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
Aspiration Hazard (section 3.10) | 1 |
P302 | IF ON SKIN: | Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 | |
Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 |
| | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 | |
| | Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P303 | IF ON SKIN (or hair): | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
P304 | IF INHALED: | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
| | Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 | |
P305 | IF IN EYES: | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
Serious eye damage/eye irritation (section 3.3) | 1 |
Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 |
P306 | IF ON CLOTHING: | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 |
P307 | IF exposed: | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1 | |
P308 | IF exposed or concerned: | Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 |
Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 |
Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category |
P309 | IF exposed or if you feel unwell: | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 2 | |
P310 | Immediately call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2 |
| | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | |
| | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
| | Serious eye damage/eye irritation (section 3.3) | 1 | |
| | Aspiration hazard (section 3.10) | 1 | |
P311 | Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 3 | |
Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1, 2 |
P312 | Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician if you feel unwell. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 4 | |
Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 3, 4 |
| | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 4 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 | |
P313 | Get medical advice/attention. | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2, 3 | |
Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 |
| | Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
| | Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category | |
P314 | Get medical advice/attention if you feel unwell. | Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure (section 3.9) | 1, 2 | |
P315 | Get immediate medical advice/attention. | Gases under pressure (section 2.5) | Refrigerated liquefied gas | |
P320 | Specific treatment is urgent (see … on this label). | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | … Reference to supplemental first aid instruction. if immediate administration of antidote is required. |
P321 | Specific treatment (see … on this label). | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | … Reference to supplemental first aid instruction. if immediate administration of antidote is required. |
| | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 3 | … Reference to supplemental first aid instruction. if immediate specific measures are required. |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1 | … Reference to supplemental first aid instruction. if immediate measures are required. |
| | Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | … Reference to supplemental first aid instruction. manufacturer/supplier may specify a cleansing agent if appropriate. |
| | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
| | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 |
P322 | Specific measures (see … on this label). | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | … Reference to supplemental first aid instruction. if immediate measures such as specific cleansing agent is advised. |
| | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 3, 4 | … Reference to supplemental first aid instruction. if measures such as specific cleansing agent is advised. |
P330 | Rinse mouth. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
P331 | Do NOT induce vomiting. | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
Aspiration hazard (section 3.10) | 1 |
P332 | If skin irritation occurs: | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2, 3 | |
P333 | If skin irritation or rash occurs: | Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P334 | Immerse in cool water/wrap in wet bandages. | Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 | |
Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 |
Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2 |
P335 | Brush off loose particles from skin. | Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 | |
Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2 |
P336 | Thaw frosted parts with lukewarm water. Do not rub affected area. | Gases under pressure (section 2.5) | Refrigerated liquefied gas | |
P337 | If eye irritation persists: | Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 | |
P338 | Remove contact lenses, if present and easy to do. Continue rinsing. | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
Serious eye damage/eye irritation (section 3.3) | 1 |
Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 |
P340 | Remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 |
P341 | If breathing is difficult, remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. | Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P342 | If experiencing respiratory symptoms: | Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P350 | Gently wash with plenty of soap and water. | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | |
P351 | Rinse cautiously with water for several minutes. | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
Serious eye damage/eye irritation (section 3.3) | 1 |
Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 |
P352 | Wash with plenty of soap and water. | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 3, 4 | |
Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 |
Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
P353 | Rinse skin with water/shower. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
P360 | Rinse immediately contaminated clothing and skin with plenty of water before removing clothes. | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 |
P361 | Remove/Take off immediately all contaminated clothing. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
P362 | Take off contaminated clothing and wash before reuse. | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 | |
P363 | Wash contaminated clothing before reuse. | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
P370 | In case of fire: | Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | |
Oxidising gases (section 2.4) | 1 |
| | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Flammable solids (section 2.7) | 1, 2 | |
| | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
| | Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 | |
| | Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 | |
| | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P371 | In case of major fire and large quantities: | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 |
P372 | Explosion risk in case of fire. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosives and Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | except if explosives are 1.4S AMMUNITION AND COMPONENTS THEREOF. |
P373 | DO NOT fight fire when fire reaches explosives. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosives and Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | |
P374 | Fight fire with normal precautions from a reasonable distance. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Division 1.4 | if explosives are 1.4S AMMUNITION AND COMPONENTS THEREOF. |
P375 | Fight fire remotely due to the risk of explosion. | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B | |
Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 |
P376 | Stop leak if safe to do so. | Oxidising gases (section 2.4) | 1 | |
P377 | Leaking gas fire: Do not extinguish, unless leak can be stopped safely. | Flammable gases (section 2.2) | 1, 2 | |
P378 | Use … for extinction. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify appropriate media if water increases risk. |
Flammable solids (section 2.7) | 1, 2 |
Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 |
Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 |
| | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P380 | Evacuate area. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosives | |
Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 |
| | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B | |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 | |
P381 | Eliminate all ignition sources if safe to do so. | Flammable gases (section 2.2) | 1, 2 | |
P390 | Absorb spillage to prevent material damage. | Corrosive to metals (section 2.16) | 1 | |
P391 | Collect spillage. | Hazardous to the aquatic environment – acute aquatic hazard (section 4.1) | 1 | |
Hazardous to the aquatic environment – chronic aquatic hazard (section 4.1) | 1, 2 |
P301 + P310 | IF SWALLOWED: Immediately call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Aspiration hazard (section 3.10) | 1 |
P301 + P312 | IF SWALLOWED: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician if you feel unwell. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 4 | |
P301 + P330 + P331 | IF SWALLOWED: Rinse mouth. Do NOT induce vomiting. | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
P302 + P334 | IF ON SKIN: Immerse in cool water/wrap in wet bandages. | Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 | |
P302 + P350 | IF ON SKIN: Gently wash with plenty of soap and water. | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | |
P302 + P352 | IF ON SKIN: Wash with plenty of soap and water. | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 3, 4 | |
Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 |
Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
P303 + P361 + P353 | IF ON SKIN (or hair): Remove/Take off immediately all contaminated clothing. Rinse skin with water/shower. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
P304 + P340 | IF INHALED: Remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 |
P304 + P341 | IF INHALED: If breathing is difficult, remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. | Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P305 + P351 + P338 | IF IN EYES: Rinse cautiously with water for several minutes. Remove contact lenses, if present and easy to do. Continue rinsing. | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
Serious eye damage/eye irritation (section 3.3) | 1 |
Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 |
P306 + P360 | IF ON CLOTHING: Rinse immediately contaminated clothing and skin with plenty of water before removing clothes. | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 |
P307 + P311 | IF exposed: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1 | |
P308 + P313 | IF exposed or concerned: Get medical advice/attention. | Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 |
Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 |
Reproductive toxicity — effects on or via lactation (section 3.7) | Additional category |
P309 + P311 | IF exposed or if you feel unwell: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 2 | |
P332 + P313 | If skin irritation occurs: Get medical advice/attention. | Skin irritation (section 3.2) | 2 | |
P333 + P313 | If skin irritation or rash occurs: Get medical advice/attention. | Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P335 + P334 | Brush off loose particles from skin. Immerse in cool water/wrap in wet bandages. | Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 | |
Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2 |
P337 + P313 | If eye irritation persists: Get medical advice/attention. | Eye irritation (section 3.3) | 2 | |
P342 + P311 | If experiencing respiratory symptoms: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. | Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
P370 + P376 | In case of fire: Stop leak if safe to do so. | Oxidizing gases (section 2.4) | 1 | |
P370 + P378 | In case of fire: Use … for extinction. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify appropriate media. if water increases risk. |
Flammable solids (section 2.7) | 1, 2 |
Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 |
Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 |
| | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P370 + P380 | In case of fire: Evacuate area. | Explosives (section 2.1) | Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | |
P370 + P380 + P375 | In case of fire: Evacuate area. Fight fire remotely due to the risk of explosion. | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B | |
P371 + P380 + P375 | In case of major fire and large quantities: Evacuate area. Fight fire remotely due to the risk of explosion. | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1 | |
Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1 |
Table 6.4
Precautionary statements — Storage
Code | Storage precautionary statements | Hazard class | Hazard category | Conditions for use |
(1) | (2) | (3) | (4) | (5) |
P401 | Store … | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosives and Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | … in accordance with local/regional/national/international regulations (to be specified). |
P402 | Store in a dry place. | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P403 | Store in a well-ventilated place. | Flammable gases (section 2.2) | 1, 2 | if product is volatile so as to generate hazardous atmosphere. |
Oxidising gases (section 2.4) | 1 |
Gases under pressure (section 2.5) | Compressed gas |
Liquefied gas |
Refrigerated Liquefied gas |
Dissolved gas |
| | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
| | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 | |
P404 | Store in a closed container. | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P405 | Store locked up. | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 |
| | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
| | Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1, 2 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Aspiration hazard (section 3.10) | 1 | |
P406 | Store in corrosive resistant/… container with a resistant inner liner. | Corrosive to metals (section 2.16) | 1 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify other compatible materials. |
P407 | Maintain air gap between stacks/pallets. | Self-heating substances and mixtures (section 2.11) | 1, 2 | |
P410 | Protect from sunlight. | Flammable aerosols (section 2.3) | 1, 2 | |
Gases under pressure (section 2.5) | Compressed gas |
Liquefied gas |
Dissolved gas |
| | Self-heating substances and mixtures (section 2.11) | 1, 2 | |
| | Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
P411 | Store at temperatures not exceeding … oC/…oF. | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify temperature |
Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
P412 | Do not expose to temperatures exceeding 50 oC/122 oF. | Flammable aerosols (section 2.3) | 1, 2 | |
P413 | Store bulk masses greater than … kg/…lbs at temperatures not exceeding … oC/…oF. | Self-heating substances and mixtures (section 2.11) | 1, 2 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify mass and temperature. |
P420 | Store away from other materials. | Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
Self-heating substances and mixtures (section 2.11) | 1, 2 |
Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
P422 | Store contents under … | Pyrophoric liquids (section 2.9) | 1 | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify appropriate liquid or inert gas. |
Pyrophoric solids (section 2.10) | 1 |
P402 + P404 | Store in a dry place. Store in a closed container. | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
P403 + P233 | Store in a well-ventilated place. Keep container tightly closed. | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3 | if product is volatile so as to generate hazardous atmosphere. |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 |
P403 + P235 | Store in a well-ventilated place. Keep cool. | Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 | |
Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
P410 + P403 | Protect from sunlight. Store in a well-ventilated place. | Gases under pressure (section 2.5) | Compressed gas | |
Liquefied gas |
Dissolved gas |
P410 + P412 | Protect from sunlight. Do not expose to temperatures exceeding 50 oC/122oF. | Flammable aerosols (section 2.3) | 1, 2 | |
P411 + P235 | Store at temperatures not exceeding … oC/…oF. Keep cool. | Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | … Manufacturer/supplier to specify temperature. |
Table 6.5
Precautionary statements — Disposal
Code | Disposal precautionary statements | Hazard class | Hazard category | Conditions for use |
(1) | (2) | (3) | (4) | (5) |
P501 | Dispose of contents/container to … | Explosives (section 2.1) | Unstable explosives and Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 | … in accordance with local/regional/national/international regulation (to be specified). |
Flammable liquids (section 2.6) | 1, 2, 3 |
Self-reactive substances and mixtures (section 2.8) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F |
| | Substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases (section 2.12) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising liquids (section 2.13) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Oxidising solids (section 2.14) | 1, 2, 3 | |
| | Organic peroxides (section 2.15) | Types A, B, C, D, E, F | |
| | Acute toxicity — oral (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
| | Acute toxicity — dermal (section 3.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
| | Acute toxicity — inhalation (section 3.1) | 1, 2 | |
| | Skin corrosion (section 3.2) | 1A, 1B, 1C | |
| | Respiratory sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 | |
Skin sensitisation (section 3.4) | 1 |
| | Germ cell mutagenicity (section 3.5) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Carcinogenicity (section 3.6) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Reproductive toxicity (section 3.7) | 1A, 1B, 2 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure (section 3.8) | 1, 2 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; respiratory tract irritation (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure; narcosis (section 3.8) | 3 | |
| | Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure (section 3.9) | 1, 2 | |
| | Aspiration hazard (section 3.10) | 1 | |
| | Hazardous to the aquatic environment — acute aquatic hazard(section 4.1) | 1 | |
| | Hazardous to the aquatic environment — chronic aquatic hazard (section 4.1) | 1, 2, 3, 4 | |
| | Hazardous to the ozone layer (section 5.1) | 1 | |
2. Part 2: precautionary statements
The precautionary statements shall be taken from this part of Annex IV and selected in accordance with Part 1.
Table 1.1
Precautionary statements — General
P101 | Language | |
| BG | При необходимост от медицинска помощ, носете опаковката или етикета на продукта. |
| ES | Si se necesita consejo médico, tener a mano el envase o la etiqueta. |
| CS | Je-li nutná lékařská pomoc, mějte po ruce obal nebo štítek výrobku. |
| DA | Hvis der er brug for lægehjælp, medbring da beholderen eller etiketten. |
| DE | Ist ärztlicher Rat erforderlich, Verpackung oder Kennzeichnungsetikett bereithalten. |
| ET | Arsti poole pöördudes võtta kaasa toote pakend või etikett. |
| EL | Εάν ζητήσετε ιατρική συμβουλή, να έχετε μαζί σας τον περιέκτη του προϊόντος ή την ετικέτα. |
| EN | If medical advice is needed, have product container or label at hand. |
| FR | En cas de consultation d’un médecin, garder à disposition le récipient ou l’étiquette. |
| GA | Más gá comhairle liachta, bíodh coimeádán nó lipéad an táirge ina aice láimhe. |
| IT | In caso di consultazione di un medico, tenere a disposizione il contenitore o l'etichetta del prodotto. |
| LV | Medicīniska padoma nepieciešamības gadījumā attiecīgā informācija ir norādīta uz iepakojuma vai etiķetes. |
| LT | Jei reikalinga gydytojo konsultacija, su savimi turėkite produkto talpyklą ar jo etiketę. |
| HU | Orvosi tanácsadás esetén tartsa kéznél a termék edényét vagy címkéjét. |
| MT | Jekk ikun meħtieġ parir mediku, ara li jkollok il-kontenitur jew it-tikketta tal-prodott fil-qrib. |
| NL | Bij het inwinnen van medisch advies, de verpakking of het etiket ter beschikking houden. |
| PL | W razie konieczności zasięgnięcia porady lekarza należy pokazać pojemnik lub etykietę. |
| PT | Se for necessário consultar um médico, mostre-lhe a embalagem ou o rótulo. |
| RO | Dacă este necesară consultarea medicului, țineți la îndemână recipientul sau eticheta produsului. |
| SK | Ak je potrebná lekárska pomoc, majte k dispozícii obal alebo etiketu výrobku. |
| SL | Če je potreben zdravniški nasvet, mora biti na voljo posoda ali etiketa proizvoda. |
| FI | Jos tarvitaan lääkinnällistä apua, näytä pakkaus tai varoitusetiketti. |
| SV | Ha förpackningen eller etiketten till hands om du måste söka läkarvård. |
P102 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява извън обсега на деца. |
| ES | Mantener fuera del alcance de los niños. |
| CS | Uchovávejte mimo dosah dětí. |
| DA | Opbevares utilgængeligt for børn. |
| DE | Darf nicht in die Hände von Kindern gelangen. |
| ET | Hoida lastele kättesaamatus kohas. |
| EL | Μακριά από παιδιά. |
| EN | Keep out of reach of children. |
| FR | Tenir hors de portée des enfants. |
| GA | Coimeád as aimsiú leanaí. |
| IT | Tenere fuori dalla portata dei bambini. |
| LV | Sargāt no bērniem. |
| LT | Laikyti vaikams neprieinamoje vietoje. |
| HU | Gyermekektől elzárva tartandó. |
| MT | Żommu ‘l bogħod minn fejn jistgħu jilħquh it-tfal. |
| NL | Buiten het bereik van kinderen houden. |
| PL | Chronić przed dziećmi. |
| PT | Manter fora do alcance das crianças. |
| RO | A nu se lăsa la îndemâna copiilor. |
| SK | Uchovávajte mimo dosahu detí. |
| SL | Hraniti zunaj dosega otrok. |
| FI | Säilytä lasten ulottumattomissa. |
| SV | Förvaras oåtkomligt för barn. |
P103 | Language | |
| BG | Преди употреба прочетете етикета. |
| ES | Leer la etiqueta antes del uso. |
| CS | Před použitím si přečtěte údaje na štítku. |
| DA | Læs etiketten før brug. |
| DE | Vor Gebrauch Kennzeichnungsetikett lesen. |
| ET | Enne kasutamist tutvuda etiketil oleva infoga. |
| EL | Διαβάστε την ετικέτα πριν από τη χρήση. |
| EN | Read label before use. |
| FR | Lire l’étiquette avant utilisation. |
| GA | Léigh an lipéad roimh úsáid. |
| IT | Leggere l’etichetta prima dell’uso. |
| LV | Pirms izmantošanas izlasīt etiķeti. |
| LT | Prieš naudojimą perskaityti etiketę. |
| HU | Használat előtt olvassa el a címkén közölt információkat. |
| MT | Aqra t-tikketta qabel l-użu. |
| NL | Alvorens te gebruiken, het etiket lezen. |
| PL | Przed użyciem przeczytać etykietę. |
| PT | Ler o rótulo antes da utilização. |
| RO | Citiţi eticheta înainte de utilizare. |
| SK | Pred použitím si prečítajte etiketu. |
| SL | Pred uporabo preberite etiketo. |
| FI | Lue merkinnät ennen käyttöä. |
| SV | Läs etiketten före användning. |
Table 1.2
Precautionary statements — Prevention
P201 | Language | |
| BG | Преди употреба се снабдете със специални инструкции. |
| ES | Pedir instrucciones especiales antes del uso. |
| CS | Před použitím si obstarejte speciální instrukce. |
| DA | Indhent særlige anvisninger før brug. |
| DE | Vor Gebrauch besondere Anweisungen einholen. |
| ET | Enne kasutamist tutvuda erijuhistega. |
| EL | Εφοδιαστείτε με τις ειδικές οδηγίες πριν από τη χρήση. |
| EN | Obtain special instructions before use. |
| FR | Se procurer les instructions avant utilisation. |
| GA | Faigh treoracha speisialta roimh úsáid. |
| IT | Procurarsi istruzioni specifiche prima dell’uso. |
| LV | Pirms lietošanas saņemt speciālu instruktāžu. |
| LT | Prieš naudojimą gauti specialias instrukcijas. |
| HU | Használat előtt ismerje meg az anyagra vonatkozó különleges utasításokat. |
| MT | Ikseb struzzjonijiet speċjali qabel l-użu. |
| NL | Alvorens te gebruiken de speciale aanwijzingen raadplegen. |
| PL | Przed użyciem zapoznać się ze specjalnymi środkami ostrożności. |
| PT | Pedir instruções específicas antes da utilização. |
| RO | Procuraţi instrucţiuni speciale înainte de utilizare. |
| SK | Pred použitím sa oboznámte s osobitnými pokynmi. |
| SL | Pred uporabo pridobiti posebna navodila. |
| FI | Lue erityisohjeet ennen käyttöä. |
| SV | Inhämta särskilda instruktioner före användning. |
P202 | Language | |
| BG | Не използвайте преди да сте прочели и разбрали всички предпазни мерки за безопасност. |
| ES | No manipular la sustancia antes de haber leído y comprendido todas las instrucciones de seguridad. |
| CS | Nepoužívejte, dokud jste si nepřečetli všechny bezpečnostní pokyny a neporozuměli jim. |
| DA | Anvend ikke produktet, før alle advarsler er læst og forstået. |
| DE | Vor Gebrauch alle Sicherheitshinweise lesen und verstehen. |
| ET | Mitte käidelda enne ohutusnõuetega tutvumist ja nendest arusaamist. |
| EL | Μην το χρησιμοποιήσετε πριν διαβάσετε και κατανοήσετε τις οδηγίες προφύλαξης. |
| EN | Do not handle until all safety precautions have been read and understood. |
| FR | Ne pas manipuler avant d’avoir lu et compris toutes les précautions de sécurité. |
| GA | Ná láimhsigh go dtí go léifear agus go dtuigfear gach ráiteas réamhchúraim sábháilteachta. |
| IT | Non manipolare prima di avere letto e compreso tutte le avvertenze. |
| LV | Neizmantot pirms nav izlasīti un saprasti visi apzīmējumi. |
| LT | Nenaudoti, jeigu neperskaityti ar nesuprasti visi saugos įspėjimai. |
| HU | Ne használja addig, amíg az összes biztonsági óvintézkedést el nem olvasta és meg nem értette. |
| MT | Tmissux qabel ma tkun qrajt u fhimt l-istruzzjonijiet kollha ta' prekawzjoni. |
| NL | Pas gebruiken nadat u alle veiligheidsvoorschriften gelezen en begrepen heeft |
| PL | Nie używać przed zapoznaniem się i zrozumieniem wszystkich środków bezpieczeństwa. |
| PT | Não manuseie o produto antes de ter lido e percebido todas as precauções de segurança. |
| RO | A nu se manipula decât după ce au fost citite şi înţelese toate măsurile de securitate. |
| SK | Nepoužívajte, kým si neprečítate a nepochopíte všetky bezpečnostné opatrenia. |
| SL | Ne uporabljajte, dokler se ne seznanite z vsemi varnostnimi ukrepi. |
| FI | Lue varoitukset huolellisesti ennen käsittelyä. |
| SV | Använd inte produkten innan du har läst och förstått säkerhetsanvisningarna |
P210 | Language | |
| BG | Да се пази от топлина/искри/открит пламък/нагорещени повърхности. — Тютюнопушенето забранено. |
| ES | Mantener alejado de fuentes de calor, chispas, llama abierta o superficies calientes. — No fumar. |
| CS | Chraňte před teplem/jiskrami/otevřeným plamenem/horkými povrchy. — Zákaz kouření. |
| DA | Holdes væk fra varme/gnister/åben ild/varme overflader. Rygning forbudt. |
| DE | Von Hitze/Funken/offener Flamme/heißen Oberflächen fernhalten. Nicht rauchen. |
| ET | Hoida eemal soojusallikast/sädemetest/leekidest/kuumadest pindadest. — Mitte suitsetada. |
| EL | Μακριά από θερμότητα/σπινθήρες/γυμνές φλόγες/θερμές επιφάνειες. — Μην καπνίζετε. |
| EN | Keep away from heat/sparks/open flames/hot surfaces. — No smoking. |
| FR | Tenir à l’écart de la chaleur/des étincelles/des flammes nues/des surfaces chaudes. — Ne pas fumer. |
| GA | Coimeád ó theas/splancacha/lasair gan chosaint/dromchlaí te. — Ná caitear tobac. |
| IT | Tenere lontano da fonti di calore/scintille/fiamme libere/superfici riscaldate. — Non fumare. |
| LV | Nelietot vietās, kur ir sastopams karstums/dzirksteles/atklāta uguns/…/karstas virsmas. Nesmēķēt. |
| LT | Laikyti atokiau nuo šilumos šaltinių/žiežirbų/atviros liepsnos/karštų paviršių. — Nerūkyti. |
| HU | Hőtől/szikrától/nyílt lángtól/…/forró felületektől távol tartandó. Tilos a dohányzás. |
| MT | Żomm ‘il bogħod mis-sħana/xrar tan-nar/fjammiet mikxufa/uċuħ jaħarqu. — Tpejjipx. |
| NL | Verwijderd houden van warmte/vonken/open vuur/hete oppervlakken. — Niet roken. |
| PL | Przechowywać z dala od źródeł ciepła/iskrzenia/otwartego ognia/gorących powierzchni. Palenie wzbronione. |
| PT | Manter afastado do calor/faísca/chama aberta/superfícies quentes. — Não fumar. |
| RO | A se păstra departe de surse de căldură/scântei/flăcări deschise/suprafeţe încinse. — Fumatul interzis. |
| SK | Uchovávajte mimo dosahu tepla/iskier/otvoreného ohňa/horúcich povrchov. Nefajčite. |
| SL | Hraniti ločeno od vročine/isker/odprtega ognja/vročih površin. — Kajenje prepovedano. |
| FI | Suojaa lämmöltä/kipinöiltä/avotulelta/kuumilta pinnoilta. — Tupakointi kielletty. |
| SV | Får inte utsättas för värme/gnistor/öppen låga/heta ytor. — Rökning förbjuden. |
P211 | Language | |
| BG | Да не се пръска към открит пламък или друг източник на запалване. |
| ES | No pulverizar sobre una llama abierta u otra fuente de ignición. |
| CS | Nestříkejte do otevřeného ohně nebo jiných zdrojů zapálení. |
| DA | Spray ikke mod åben ild eller andre antændelseskilder. |
| DE | Nicht gegen offene Flamme oder andere Zündquelle sprühen. |
| ET | Mitte pihustada leekidesse või muusse süüteallikasse. |
| EL | Μην ψεκάζετε κοντά σε γυμνή φλόγα ή άλλη πηγή ανάφλεξης. |
| EN | Do not spray on an open flame or other ignition source. |
| FR | Ne pas vaporiser sur une flamme nue ou sur toute autre source d’ignition. |
| GA | Ná spraeáil ar lasair gan chosaint ná ar fhoinse eile adhainte. |
| IT | Non vaporizzare su una fiamma libera o altra fonte di accensione. |
| LV | Neizsmidzināt uz atklātas uguns vai citiem aizdegšanās avotiem. |
| LT | Nepurkšti į atvirą liepsną arba kitus degimo šaltinius. |
| HU | Tilos nyílt lángra vagy más gyújtóforrásra permetezni. |
| MT | Tisprejjax fuq fjamma mikxufa jew sors ieħor li jaqbad. |
| NL | Niet in een open vuur of op andere ontstekingsbronnen spuiten. |
| PL | Nie rozpylać nad otwartym ogniem lub innym źródłem zapłonu. |
| PT | Não pulverizar sobre chama aberta ou outra fonte de ignição. |
| RO | Nu pulverizaţi deasupra unei flăcări deschise sau unei alte surse de aprindere. |
| SK | Nestriekajte na otvorený oheň ani iný zdroj zapálenia. |
| SL | Ne pršiti proti odprtemu ognju ali drugemu viru vžiga. |
| FI | Ei saa suihkuttaa avotuleen tai muuhun sytytyslähteeseen. |
| SV | Spreja inte över öppen låga eller andra antändningskällor. |
P220 | Language | |
| BG | Да се държи/съхранява далеч от облекло/…/горими материали |
| ES | Mantener o almacenar alejado de la ropa/…/materiales combustibles. |
| CS | Uchovávejte/skladujte odděleně od oděvů/…/hořlavých materiálů. |
| DA | Må ikke anvendes/opbevares i nærheden af tøj/…/brændbare materialer. |
| DE | Von Kleidung/…/brennbaren Materialien fernhalten/entfernt aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida eemal rõivastest/…/süttivast materjalist. |
| EL | Διατηρείται/Φυλάσσεται μακριά από ενδύματα/…/καύσιμα υλικά. |
| EN | Keep/Store away from clothing/…/combustible materials. |
| FR | Tenir/stocker à l’écart des vêtements/…/matières combustibles |
| GA | Coimeád/Stóráil glan ar éadaí/…/ábhair indóite. |
| IT | Tenere/conservare lontano da indumenti/…/materiali combustibili. |
| LV | Turēt/uzglabāt vietās, kur nav piekļuves drēbēm/…/uzliesmojošiem materiāliem. |
| LT | Laikyti/sandėliuoti atokiau nuo drabužių/…/degių medžiagų. |
| HU | Ruhától/…/éghető anyagtól távol tartandó/tárolandó. |
| MT | Żomm/Aħżen ‘il bogħod mill-ħwejjeġ/…/materjali li jaqbdu. |
| NL | Van kleding/…/brandbare stoffen verwijderd houden/bewaren. |
| PL | Trzymać/przechowywać z dala od odzieży/…/materiałów zapalnych. |
| PT | Manter/guardar afastado de roupa/…/matérias combustíveis. |
| RO | A se păstra/depozita departe de îmbrăcăminte/…/materiale combustibile. |
| SK | Uchovávajte/skladujte mimo odevov/…/horľavých materiálov. |
| SL | Hraniti ločeno od oblačil/…/vnetljivih materialov. |
| FI | Pidä/Varastoi erillään vaatetuksesta/…/syttyvistä materiaaleista. |
| SV | Hålls/förvarad åtskilt från kläder/…/brännbara material. |
P221 | Language | |
| BG | Вземете всички предпазни мерки за избягване на смесването с горими материали… |
| ES | Tomar todas las precauciones necesarias para no mezclar con materias combustibles… |
| CS | Proveďte preventivní opatření proti smíchání s hořlavými materiály… |
| DA | Undgå at blande med brændbare materialer… |
| DE | Mischen mit brennbaren Stoffen/… unbedingt verhindern. |
| ET | Rakendada ettevaatusabinõusid, et vältida segunemist põlevainetega… |
| EL | Λάβετε κάθε προφύλαξη ώστε να μην αναμειχθεί με καύσιμα… |
| EN | Take any precaution to avoid mixing with combustibles… |
| FR | Prendre toutes précautions pour éviter de mélanger avec des matières combustibles… |
| GA | Déan gach réamhchúram chun meascadh le hábhair indóite a sheachaint… |
| IT | Prendere ogni precauzione per evitare di miscelare con sostanze combustibili… |
| LV | Nekādā gadījumā nemaisīt ar viegli uzliesmojošām vielām… |
| LT | Imtis visų atsargumo priemonių, kad nebūtų sumaišyta su degiomis medžiagomis… |
| HU | Minden óvintézkedést meg kell tenni, hogy ne keveredjen éghető anyagokkal. |
| MT | Ħu kull prekawzjoni biex tevita li jitħallat mal-kombustibbli… |
| NL | Vermenging met brandbare stoffen… absoluut vermijden. |
| PL | Zastosować wszelkie środki ostrożności w celu uniknięcia mieszania z innymi materiałami zapalnymi … |
| PT | Tomar todas as precauções para não misturar com combustíveis… |
| RO | Luaţi toate măsurile de precauţie pentru a evita amestecul cu combustibili… |
| SK | Prijmite opatrenia na zabránenie zmiešania s horľavými materiálmi… |
| SL | Preprečiti mešanje z vnetljivimi snovmi … |
| FI | Varo sekoittamasta syttyvien materiaalien… kanssa. |
| SV | Undvik att blanda med med brännbara ämnen… |
P222 | Language | |
| BG | Не допускайте конктакт с въздух. |
| ES | No dejar que entre en contacto con el aire. |
| CS | Zabraňte styku se vzduchem. |
| DA | Undgå kontakt med luft. |
| DE | Kontakt mit Luft nicht zulassen. |
| ET | Hoida õhuga kokkupuute eest. |
| EL | Να μην έρθει σε επαφή με τον αέρα. |
| EN | Do not allow contact with air. |
| FR | Ne pas laisser au contact de l’air. |
| GA | Ná ceadaigh teagmháil le haer. |
| IT | Evitare il contatto con l’aria. |
| LV | Nepieļaut kontaktu ar gaisu. |
| LT | Saugoti nuo kontakto su oru. |
| HU | Nem érintkezhet levegővel. |
| MT | Tħallix li jkun hemm kuntatt ma' l-arja. |
| NL | Contact met de lucht vermijden. |
| PL | Nie dopuszczać do kontaktu z powietrzem. |
| PT | Não deixar entrar em contacto com o ar. |
| RO | A nu se lăsa în contact cu aerul. |
| SK | Zabráňte kontaktu so vzduchom. |
| SL | Preprečiti stik z zrakom. |
| FI | Ei saa joutua kosketuksiin ilman kanssa. |
| SV | Undvik kontakt med luft. |
P223 | Language | |
| BG | Да се избягва всякакъв възможен контакт с вода поради бурна реакция и възможно внезапно запалване. |
| ES | Mantener alejado de cualquier posible contacto con el agua, pues reacciona violentamente y puede provocar una llamarada. |
| CS | Chraňte před možným stykem s vodou kvůli prudké reakci a možnému náhlému vzplanutí. |
| DA | Undgå enhver kontakt med vand, da dette kan fremkalde voldsom reaktion og risiko for eksplosionsagtig brand. |
| DE | Kontakt mit Wasser wegen heftiger Reaktion und möglichem Aufflammen unbedingt verhindern. |
| ET | Hoida igasuguse kokkupuute eest veega, vastasel juhul reageerib ägedalt ja võib põhjustada hetkpõlemise. |
| EL | Αποφύγετε κάθε πιθανή επαφή με το νερό, διότι αντιδρά βίαια και μπορεί να προκληθεί ανάφλεξη. |
| EN | Keep away from any possible contact with water, because of violent reaction and possible flash fire. |
| FR | Éviter tout contact avec l’eau, à cause du risque de réaction violente et d’inflammation spontanée. |
| GA | Ná ceadaigh teagmháil de shaghas ar bith le huisce, mar gheall ar imoibriú foirtil agus splancthine a d’fhéadfadh a bheith ann. |
| IT | Evitare qualsiasi contatto con l’acqua: pericolo di reazione violenta e di infiammazione spontanea. |
| LV | Nepieļaut kontaktu ar ūdeni īpaši stipras reakcijas un iespējamas eksplozijas dēļ. |
| LT | Saugoti nuo bet kokio galimo kontakto su vandeniu, nes smarkiai reaguoja ir gali susidaryti ugnies pliūpsnis. |
| HU | Vízzel semmilyen formában nem érintkezhet, ellenkező esetben heves reakció és belobbanás fordulhat elő. |
| MT | Żomm ‘il bogħod minn kull kuntatt possibbli ma' l-ilma, minħabba li jirreaġġixxi bil-qawwa u jista’ jkun hemm fjamma nar. |
| NL | Contact met water vermijden in verband met een heftige reactie en een mogelijke wolkbrand. |
| PL | Chronić przed wszelkim kontaktem z wodą z powodu gwałtownej reakcji i możliwości wystąpienia błyskawicznego pożaru. |
| PT | Não deixar entrar em contacto com a água: risco de reacção violenta e possibilidade de formação de chama súbita. |
| RO | A se evita orice contact cu apa, din cauza reacţiei violente şi a riscului de aprindere spontană. |
| SK | Zabráňte akémukoľvek kontaktu s vodou, aby nedošlo k prudkej reakcii a prípadnému zapáleniu. |
| SL | Hraniti ločeno od možnega stika z vodo zaradi burne reakcije in možnega bliskovitega požara. |
| FI | Ei saa joutua kosketuksiin veden kanssa voimakkaan reaktion ja mahdollisen leimahduksen takia. |
| SV | Undvik all kontakt med vatten eftersom det kan framkalla en våldsam reaktion och explosionsartad brand. |
P230 | Language | |
| BG | Да се държи навлажнен с… |
| ES | Mantener humedecido con… |
| CS | Uchovávejte ve zvlhčeném stavu… |
| DA | Holdes befugtet med… |
| DE | Feucht halten mit … |
| ET | Niisutada …-ga. |
| EL | Να διατηρείται υγρό με … |
| EN | Keep wetted with… |
| FR | Maintenir humidifié avec… |
| GA | Coimeád fliuchta le… |
| IT | Mantenere umido con… |
| LV | Vienmēr samitrināt ar … |
| LT | Laikyti sudrėkintą (kuo) |
| HU | …-val/-vel nedvesítve tartandó. |
| MT | Żommu mxarrab bi … |
| NL | Vochtig houden met… |
| PL | Przechowywać produkt zwilżony… |
| PT | Manter húmido com… |
| RO | A se păstra umezit cu… |
| SK | Uchovávajte zvlhčené … |
| SL | Hraniti prepojeno z … |
| FI | Säilytä kostutettuna … |
| SV | Ska hållas fuktigt med… |
P231 | Language | |
| BG | Да се използва под инертен газ. |
| ES | Manipular en gas inerte. |
| CS | Manipulace pod inertním plynem. |
| DA | Håndteres under inaktiv gas. |
| DE | Unter inertem Gas handhaben. |
| ET | Käidelda inertgaasis. |
| EL | Χειρισμός σε αδρανή ατμόσφαιρα. |
| EN | Handle under inert gas. |
| FR | Manipuler sous gaz inerte. |
| GA | Láimhsigh faoi thriathghás. |
| IT | Manipolare in atmosfera di gas inerte. |
| LV | Rīkoties tikai inertas gāzes apstākļos. |
| LT | Tvarkyti inertinėse dujose. |
| HU | Inert gázban használandó. |
| MT | Immaniġġja taħt gass inerti. |
| NL | Onder inert gas werken. |
| PL | Używać w atmosferze obojętnego gazu. |
| PT | Manusear em atmosfera de gás inerte. |
| RO | A se manipula sub un gaz inert. |
| SK | Manipulujte v prostredí s inertným plynom. |
| SL | Hraniti v ustreznem inertnem plinu. |
| FI | Käsittele inertissä kaasussa. |
| SV | Hanteras under inert gas. |
P232 | Language | |
| BG | Да се пази от влага. |
| ES | Proteger de la humedad. |
| CS | Chraňte před vlhkem. |
| DA | Beskyttes mod fugt. |
| DE | Vor Feuchtigkeit schützen. |
| ET | Hoida niiskuse eest. |
| EL | Προστετέψτε από την υγρασία. |
| EN | Protect from moisture. |
| FR | Protéger de l’humidité. |
| GA | Cosain ar thaise. |
| IT | Proteggere dall’umidità. |
| LV | Aizsargāt no mitruma. |
| LT | Saugoti nuo drėgmės. |
| HU | Nedvességtől védendő. |
| MT | Ipproteġi mill-umdità. |
| NL | Tegen vocht beschermen. |
| PL | Chronić przed wilgocią. |
| PT | Manter ao abrigo da humidade. |
| RO | A se proteja de umiditate. |
| SK | Chráňte pred vlhkosťou. |
| SL | Zaščititi pred vlago. |
| FI | Suojaa kosteudelta. |
| SV | Skyddas från fukt. |
P233 | Language | |
| BG | Съдът да се съхранява плътно затворен. |
| ES | Mantener el recipiente herméticamente cerrado. |
| CS | Uchovávejte obal těsně uzavřený. |
| DA | Hold beholderen tæt lukket. |
| DE | Behälter dicht verschlossen halten. |
| ET | Hoida pakend tihedalt suletuna. |
| EL | Να διατηρείται ο περιέκτης ερμητικά κλειστός. |
| EN | Keep container tightly closed. |
| FR | Maintenir le récipient fermé de manière étanche. |
| GA | Coimeád an coimeádán dúnta go docht. |
| IT | Tenere il recipiente ben chiuso. |
| LV | Tvertni stingri noslēgt. |
| LT | Talpyklą laikyti sandariai uždarytą. |
| HU | Az edény szorosan lezárva tartandó. |
| MT | Żomm il-kontenitur magħluq sew. |
| NL | In goed gesloten verpakking bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać pojemnik szczelnie zamknięty. |
| PT | Manter o recipiente bem fechado. |
| RO | Păstraţi recipientul închis etanş. |
| SK | Nádobu uchovávajte tesne uzavretú. |
| SL | Hraniti v tesno zaprti posodi. |
| FI | Säilytä tiiviisti suljettuna. |
| SV | Behållaren ska vara väl tillsluten. |
P234 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява само в оригиналната опаковка. |
| ES | Conservar únicamente en el recipiente original. |
| CS | Uchovávejte pouze v původním obalu. |
| DA | Opbevares kun i den originale beholder. |
| DE | Nur im Originalbehälter aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida üksnes originaalpakendis. |
| EL | Να διατηρείται μόνο στον αρχικό περιέκτη. |
| EN | Keep only in original container. |
| FR | Conserver uniquement dans le récipient d’origine. |
| GA | Coimeád sa choimeádán bunaidh amháin. |
| IT | Conservare soltanto nel contenitore originale. |
| LV | Turēt tikai oriģinālā iepakojumā. |
| LT | Laikyti tik originalioje talpykloje. |
| HU | Az eredeti edényben tartandó. |
| MT | Żomm biss fil-kontenitur oriġinali. |
| NL | Uitsluitend in de oorspronkelijke verpakking bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać wyłącznie w oryginalnym pojemniku. |
| PT | Conservar unicamente no recipiente de origem. |
| RO | Păstraţi numai în recipientul original. |
| SK | Uchovávajte iba v pôvodnej nádobe. |
| SL | Hraniti samo v originalni posodi. |
| FI | Säilytä alkuperäispakkauksessa. |
| SV | Förvaras endast i originalbehållaren. |
P235 | Language | |
| BG | Да се държи на хладно. |
| ES | Mantener en lugar fresco. |
| CS | Uchovávejte v chladu. |
| DA | Opbevares køligt. |
| DE | Kühl halten. |
| ET | Hoida jahedas. |
| EL | Να διατηρείται δροσερό. |
| EN | Keep cool. |
| FR | Tenir au frais. |
| GA | Coimeád fionnuar é |
| IT | Conservare in luogo fresco. |
| LV | Turēt vēsumā. |
| LT | Laikyti vėsioje vietoje. |
| HU | Hűvös helyen tartandó. |
| MT | Żomm frisk. |
| NL | Koel bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w chłodnym miejscu. |
| PT | Conservar em ambiente fresco. |
| RO | A se păstra la rece. |
| SK | Uchovávajte v chlade. |
| SL | Hraniti na hladnem. |
| FI | Säilytä viileässä. |
| SV | Förvaras svalt. |
P240 | Language | |
| BG | Заземяване/еквипотенциална връзка на съда и приемателното устройство. |
| ES | Conectar a tierra/enlace equipotencial del recipiente y del equipo de recepción. |
| CS | Uzemněte obal a odběrové zařízení. |
| DA | Beholder og modtageudstyr jordforbindes/potentialudlignes. |
| DE | Behälter und zu befüllende Anlage erden. |
| ET | Mahuti ja vastuvõtuseade maandada/ühendada. |
| EL | Γείωση/ισοδυναμική σύνδεση του περιέκτη και του εξοπλισμού δέκτη. |
| EN | Ground/bond container and receiving equipment. |
| FR | Mise à la terre/liaison équipotentielle du récipient et du matériel de réception. |
| GA | Nasc an coimeádán agus an trealamh glactha leis an talamh. |
| IT | Mettere a terra/massa il contenitore e il dispositivo ricevente. |
| LV | Tvertnes un iekārtas saņemšanai ievietot zemē/sasaistīt |
| LT | Įžeminti/įtvirtinti talpyklą ir priėmimo įrangą. |
| HU | A tárolóedényt és a fogadóedényt le kell földelni/át kell kötni. |
| MT | Poġġi ma' l-art/waħħal il-kontenitur u t-tagħmir li jirċievi. |
| NL | Opslag- en opvangreservoir aarden. |
| PL | Uziemić/połączyć pojemnik i sprzęt odbiorczy. |
| PT | Ligação à terra/equipotencial do recipiente e do equipamento receptor. |
| RO | Legătură la pământ/conexiune echipotenţială cu recipientul şi cu echipamentul de recepţie. |
| SK | Uzemnite/upevnite nádobu a plniace zariadenie. |
| SL | Ozemljiti posodo in opremo za sprejem tekočine. |
| FI | Säiliö ja vastaanottavat laitteet on maadoitettava/yhdistettävä. |
| SV | Jorda/potentialförbind behållare och mottagarutrustning. |
P241 | Language | |
| BG | Използвайте електрическо/проветряващо/осветително/…/оборудване, обезопасено срещу експлозия |
| ES | Utilizar un material eléctrico, de ventilación o de iluminación/…/antideflagrante. |
| CS | Používejte elektrické/ventilační/osvětlovací/…/zařízení do výbušného prostředí. |
| DA | Anvend eksplosionssikkert elektrisk/ventilations-/lys-/…/udstyr. |
| DE | Explosionsgeschützte elektrische Betriebsmittel/Lüftungsanlagen/Beleuchtung/… verwenden. |
| ET | Kasutada plahvatuskindlaid elektri-/ventilatsiooni-/valgustus-/…/seadmeid. |
| EL | Να χρησιμοποιείται αντιεκρηκτικός ηλεκτρολογικός/εξαερισμού/φωτιστικός/…/εξοπλισμός. |
| EN | Use explosion-proof electrical/ventilating/lighting/…/equipment. |
| FR | Utiliser du matériel électrique/de ventilation/d’éclairage/…/antidéflagrant. |
| GA | Bain úsáid as trealamh pléascdhíonach leictreach/aerála/soilsiúcháin/… |
| IT | Utilizzare impianti elettrici/di ventilazione/d’illuminazione/…/a prova di esplosione. |
| LV | Izmantot sprādziendrošas elektriskas/ar ventilāciju/izgaismotas/…/iekārtas |
| LT | Naudoti sprogimui atsparią elektros/ventiliacijos/apšvietimo/…/įrangą. |
| HU | Robbanásbiztos elektromos/szellőztető/világító/…/berendezés használandó. |
| MT | Uża’ tagħmir elettriku/ta’ ventilazzjoni/ta' dawl/…/li jiflaħ għal splużjoni. |
| NL | Explosieveilige elektrische/ventilatie-/verlichtings-/…apparatuur gebruiken. |
| PL | Używać elektrycznego/wentylującego/oświetleniowego/…/. przeciwwybuchowego sprzętu. |
| PT | Utilizar equipamento eléctrico/de ventilação/de iluminação/…/à prova de explosão. |
| RO | Utilizaţi echipamente electrice/de ventilare/de iluminat/…/antideflagrante. |
| SK | Používajte elektrické/ventilačné/osvetľovacie/…/zariadenie do výbušného prostredia. |
| SL | Uporabiti električno/prezračevalno opremo, opremo za razsvetljavo/…/, odporno proti eksplozijam. |
| FI | Käytä räjähdysturvallisia sähkö/ilmanvaihto/valaisin/…/laitteita. |
| SV | Använd explosionssäker elektrisk/ventilations-/belysnings-/…/utrustning. |
P242 | Language | |
| BG | Използвайте само инструменти, които не предизвикват искри. |
| ES | Utilizar únicamente herramientas que no produzcan chispas. |
| CS | Používejte pouze nářadí z nejiskřícího kovu. |
| DA | Anvend kun værktøj, som ikke frembringer gnister. |
| DE | Nur funkenfreies Werkzeug verwenden. |
| ET | Mitte kasutada seadmeid, mis võivad tekitada sädemeid. |
| EL | Να χρησιμοποιούνται μόνο εργαλεία που δεν παράγουν σπινθήρες. |
| EN | Use only non-sparking tools. |
| FR | Ne pas utiliser d'outils produisant des étincelles. |
| GA | Bain úsáid as uirlisí neamhspréachta amháin. |
| IT | Utilizzare solo utensili antiscintillamento. |
| LV | Izmantot instrumentus, kas nerada dzirksteles. |
| LT | Naudoti tik kibirkščių nekeliančius įrankius. |
| HU | Szikramentes eszközök használandók. |
| MT | Uża’ biss għodda li ma jtajrux żnied. |
| NL | Uitsluitend vonkvrij gereedschap gebruiken. |
| PL | Używać wyłącznie nieiskrzących narzędzi. |
| PT | Utilizar apenas ferramentas antichispa. |
| RO | Nu utilizaţi unelte care produc scântei. |
| SK | Používajte iba neiskriace prístroje. |
| SL | Uporabiti le orodje, ki ne povzroča isker. |
| FI | Käytä ainoastaan kipinöimättömiä työkaluja. |
| SV | Använd endast verktyg som inte ger upphov till gnistor. |
P243 | Language | |
| BG | Вземете предпазни мерки срещу освобождаване на статично електричество. |
| ES | Tomar medidas de precaución contra descargas electrostáticas. |
| CS | Proveďte preventivní opatření proti výbojům statické elektřiny. |
| DA | Træf foranstaltninger mod statisk elektricitet. |
| DE | Maßnahmen gegen elektrostatische Aufladungen treffen. |
| ET | Rakendada ettevaatusabinõusid staatilise elektri vastu. |
| EL | Λάβετε προστατευτικά μέτρα έναντι ηλεκτροστατικών εκκενώσεων. |
| EN | Take precautionary measures against static discharge. |
| FR | Prendre des mesures de précaution contre les décharges électrostatiques. |
| GA | Déan bearta réamhchúraim in aghaidh díluchtú statach. |
| IT | Prendere precauzioni contro le scariche elettrostatiche. |
| LV | Nodrošināties pret statiskās enerģijas izlādi. |
| LT | Imtis atsargumo priemonių statinei iškrovai išvengti. |
| HU | Az elektrosztatikus kisülés megakadályozására óvintézkedéseket kell tenni. |
| MT | Ħu miżuri ta' prekawzjoni kontra l-ħruġ ta' elettriku statiku. |
| NL | Voorzorgsmaatregelen treffen tegen ontladingen van statische elektriciteit. |
| PL | Przedsięwziąć środki ostrożności zapobiegające statycznemu rozładowaniu. |
| PT | Evitar acumulação de cargas electrostáticas. |
| RO | Luaţi măsuri de precauţie împotriva descărcărilor electrostatice. |
| SK | Urobte preventívne opatrenia proti výbojom statickej elektriny. |
| SL | Preprečiti statično naelektrenje. |
| FI | Estä staattisen sähkön aiheuttama kipinöinti. |
| SV | Vidta åtgärder mot statisk elektricitet. |
P244 | Language | |
| BG | Почиствайте редуциращите вентили от смазка и масло |
| ES | Mantener las válvulas de reducción limpias de grasa y aceite. |
| CS | Udržujte redukční ventily bez maziva a oleje. |
| DA | Reduktionsventilerne holdes fri for fedt og olie. |
| DE | Druckminderer frei von Fett und Öl halten. |
| ET | Hoida reduktsiooniklapid rasvast ja õlist puhtad. |
| EL | Να διατηρούνται καθαρές από γράσα και λάδια οι βαλβίδες μείωσης. |
| EN | Keep reduction valves free from grease and oil. |
| FR | S’assurer de l’absence de graisse ou d’huile sur les soupapes de réduction. |
| GA | Coimeád comhlaí brúlaghdaithe saor ó ghréisc agus ó ola. |
| IT | Mantenere le valvole di riduzione libere da grasso e olio. |
| LV | Turēt reducēšanās vārstus tīrus no taukiem un eļļas. |
| LT | Saugoti, kad ant redukcinių vožtuvų nepatektų riebalų ir tepalų. |
| HU | A nyomáscsökkentő szelepeket zsírtól és olajtól mentesen kell tartani. |
| MT | Żomm il-valvs ta' tnaqqis ħielsa mill-griż u ż-żejt. |
| NL | Reduceerventielen vrij van olie en vet houden. |
| PL | Chronić zawory redukcyjne przed tłuszczem i olejem. |
| PT | Manter as válvulas de redução isentas de óleo e massa lubrificantes. |
| RO | Protejaţi supapele reductoare de grăsimi și ulei. |
| SK | Redukčné ventily udržiavajte bez mazadiel a oleja. |
| SL | Preprečiti stik reducirnih ventilov z mastjo in oljem. |
| FI | Pidä paineenalennusventtiilit vapaana rasvasta ja öljystä. |
| SV | Reducerventilerna ska hållas fria från fett och olja. |
P250 | Language | |
| BG | Да не се подлага на стържене/удар/…/триене |
| ES | Evitar la abrasión/el choque/…/la fricción. |
| CS | Nevystavujte obrušování/nárazům/…/tření. |
| DA | Må ikke udsættes for slibning/stød/…/gnidning. |
| DE | Nicht schleifen/stoßen/…/reiben. |
| ET | Hoida kriimustamise/põrutuse/…/hõõrdumise eest. |
| EL | Να αποφεύγεται άλεση/κρούση/…/τριβή. |
| EN | Do not subject to grinding/shock/…/friction. |
| FR | Éviter les abrasions/les chocs/…/les frottements. |
| GA | Ná nocht do mheilt/do thurraing/…/do fhrithchuimilt. |
| IT | Evitare le abrasioni/gli urti/…/gli attriti. |
| LV | Nepakļaut drupināšanai/triecienam/…/berzei |
| LT | Nešlifuoti/netrankyti/…/netrinti. |
| HU | Tilos csiszolásnak/ütésnek/…/súrlódásnak kitenni. |
| MT | Tissottoponihomx għal brix/xokk/…/frizzjoni. |
| NL | Malen/schokken/…/wrijving vermijden. |
| PL | Nie poddawać szlifowaniu/wstrząsom/…/tarciu. |
| PT | Não submeter a trituração/choque/…/fricção. |
| RO | A nu supune la abraziuni/şocuri/…/frecare. |
| SK | Nevystavujte brúseniu/nárazu/…/treniu. |
| SL | Ne izpostavljati drgnjenju/udarcem/…/trenju. |
| FI | Suojele rasitukselta/iskuilta/…/hankaukselta. |
| SV | Får inte utsättas för gnidning/stötar/…/friktion. |
P251 | Language | |
| BG | Съд под налягане: да не се пробива и изгаря дори след употреба. |
| ES | Recipiente a presión: no perforar ni quemar, aun después del uso. |
| CS | Tlakový obal: nepropichujte nebo nespalujte ani po použití. |
| DA | Beholder under tryk: Må ikke punkteres eller brændes, heller ikke efter brug. |
| DE | Behälter steht unter Druck: Nicht durchstechen oder verbrennen, auch nicht nach der Verwendung. |
| ET | Mahuti on rõhu all: mitte purustada ega põletada isegi pärast kasutamist. |
| EL | Περιέκτης υπό πίεση. Να μην τρυπηθεί ή καεί ακόμη και μετά τη χρήση. |
| EN | Pressurized container: Do not pierce or burn, even after use. |
| FR | Récipient sous pression: ne pas perforer, ni brûler, même après usage. |
| GA | Coimeádán brúchóirithe: Ná toll agus ná dóigh, fiú tar éis úsáide. |
| IT | Recipiente sotto pressione: non perforare né bruciare, neppure dopo l’uso. |
| LV | Tvertne zem spiediena: nedurt vai nededzināt, arī pēc izlietošanas. |
| LT | Slėginis indas. Nepradurti ir nedeginti net panaudoto. |
| HU | Nyomás alatti edény: ne lyukassza ki vagy égesse el, még használat után sem. |
| MT | Kontenitur taħt pressjoni: Ittaqqbux jew taħarqux, anki wara li tużah. |
| NL | Houder onder druk: ook na gebruik niet doorboren of verbranden. |
| PL | Pojemnik pod ciśnieniem. Nie przekłuwać ani nie spalać, nawet po zużyciu. |
| PT | Recipiente sob pressão. Não furar nem queimar, mesmo após utilização. |
| RO | Recipient sub presiune. Nu perforaţi sau ardeţi, chiar şi după utilizare. |
| SK | Nádoba je pod tlakom: neprepichujte alebo nespaľujte ju, a to ani po spotrebovaní obsahu. |
| SL | Posoda je pod tlakom: ne preluknjajte ali sežigajte je niti, ko je prazna. |
| FI | Painesäiliö: Ei saa puhkaista tai polttaa edes tyhjänä. |
| SV | Tryckbehållare: Får inte punkteras eller brännas, gäller även tömd behållare. |
P260 | Language | |
| BG | Не вдишвайте прах/пушек/газ/дим/изпарения/аерозоли |
| ES | No respirar el polvo/el humo/el gas/la niebla/los vapores/el aerosol. |
| CS | Nevdechujte prach/dým/plyn/mlhu/páry/aerosoly. |
| DA | Indånd ikke pulver/røg/gas/tåge/damp/spray. |
| DE | Staub/Rauch/Gas/Nebel/Dampf/Aerosol nicht einatmen. |
| ET | Tolmu/suitsu/gaasi/udu/auru/pihustatud ainet mitte sisse hingata. |
| EL | Μην αναπνέετε σκόνη/αναθυμιάσεις/αέρια/σταγονίδια/ατμούς/εκνεφώματα |
| EN | Do not breathe dust/fume/gas/mist/vapours/spray. |
| FR | Ne pas respirer les poussières/fumées/gaz/brouillards/vapeurs/aérosols. |
| GA | Ná hanálaigh deannach/múch/gás/ceo/gala/sprae. |
| IT | Non respirare la polvere/i fumi/i gas/la nebbia/i vapori/gli aerosol. |
| LV | Neieelpot putekļus/tvaikus/gāzi/dūmus/izgarojumus/smidzinājumu. |
| LT | Neįkvėpti dulkių/dūmų/dujų/rūko/garų/aerozolio. |
| HU | A por/füst/gáz/köd/gőzök/permet belélegzése tilos. |
| MT | Tiblax bin-nifs trabijiet/dħaħen/gass/raxx/fwar/sprej. |
| NL | Stof/rook/gas/nevel/damp/spuitnevel niet inademen. |
| PL | Nie wdychać pyłu/dymu/gazu/mgły/par/rozpylonej cieczy. |
| PT | Não respirar as poeiras/fumos/gases/névoas/vapores/aerossóis. |
| RO | Nu inspiraţi praful/fumul/gazul/ceața/vaporii/spray-ul. |
| SK | Nevdychujte prach/dym/plyn/hmlu/pary/aerosóly. |
| SL | Ne vdihavati prahu/dima/plina/meglice/hlapov/razpršila. |
| FI | Älä hengitä pölyä/savua/kaasua/sumua/höyryä/suihketta. |
| SV | Inandas inte damm/rök/gaser/dimma/ångor/sprej. |
P261 | Language | |
| BG | Избягвайте вдишване на прах/пушек/газ/дим/изпарения/аерозоли |
| ES | Evitar respirar el polvo/el humo/el gas/la niebla/los vapores/el aerosol. |
| CS | Zamezte vdechování prachu/dýmu/plynu/mlhy/par/aerosolů. |
| DA | Undgå indånding af pulver/røg/gas/tåge/damp/spray. |
| DE | Einatmen von Staub/Rauch/Gas/Nebel/Dampf/Aerosol vermeiden. |
| ET | Vältida tolmu/suitsu/gaasi/udu/auru/pihustatud aine sissehingamist. |
| EL | Aποφεύγετε να αναπνέετε σκόνη/αναθυμιάσεις/αέρια/σταγονίδια/ατμούς/εκνεφώματα. |
| EN | Avoid breathing dust/fume/gas/mist/vapours/spray. |
| FR | Éviter de respirer les poussières/fumées/gaz/brouillards/vapeurs/aérosols. |
| GA | Seachain deannach/múch/gás/ceo/gala/sprae a análú. |
| IT | Evitare di respirare la polvere/i fumi/i gas/la nebbia/i vapori/gli aerosol. |
| LV | Izvairīties ieelpot putekļus/tvaikus/gāzi/dūmus/izgarojumus/smidzinājumu. |
| LT | Stengtis neįkvėpti dulkių/dūmų/dujų/rūko/garų/aerozolio. |
| HU | Kerülje a por/füst/gáz/köd/gőzök/permet belélegzését. |
| MT | Evita li tibla' bin-nifs trabijiet/dħaħen/gass/raxx/fwar/sprej. |
| NL | Inademing van stof/rook/gas/nevel/damp/spuitnevel vermijden. |
| PL | Unikać wdychania pyłu/dymu/gazu/mgły/par/rozpylonej cieczy. |
| PT | Evitar respirar as poeiras/fumos/gases/névoas/vapores/aerossóis. |
| RO | Evitaţi să inspirați praful/fumul/gazul/ceața/vaporii/spray-ul. |
| SK | Zabráňte vdychovaniu prachu/dymu/plynu/hmly/pár/aerosólov. |
| SL | Ne vdihavati prahu/dima/plina/meglice/hlapov/razpršila. |
| FI | Vältä pölyn/savun/kaasun/sumun/höyryn/suihkeen hengittämistä. |
| SV | Undvik att inandas damm/rök/gaser/dimma/ångor/sprej. |
P262 | Language | |
| BG | Да се избягва контакт с очите, кожата или облеклото. |
| ES | Evitar el contacto con los ojos, la piel o la ropa. |
| CS | Zabraňte styku s očima, kůží nebo oděvem. |
| DA | Må ikke komme i kontakt med øjne, hud eller tøj. |
| DE | Nicht in die Augen, auf die Haut oder auf die Kleidung gelangen lassen. |
| ET | Vältida silma, nahale või rõivastele sattumist. |
| EL | Να μην έρθει σε επαφή με τα μάτια, με το δέρμα ή με τα ρούχα. |
| EN | Do not get in eyes, on skin, or on clothing. |
| FR | Éviter tout contact avec les yeux, la peau ou les vêtements. |
| GA | Ná lig sna súile, ar an gcraiceann, ná ar éadaí. |
| IT | Evitare il contatto con gli occhi, la pelle o gli indumenti. |
| LV | Nepieļaut nokļūšanu acīs, uz ādas vai uz drēbēm. |
| LT | Saugotis, kad nepatektų į akis, ant odos ar drabužių. |
| HU | Szembe, bőrre vagy ruhára nem kerülhet. |
| MT | Iddaħħalx fl-għajnejn, fuq il-ġilda, jew fuq il-ħwejjeġ. |
| NL | Contact met de ogen, de huid of de kleding vermijden. |
| PL | Nie wprowadzać do oczu, na skórę lub na odzież. |
| PT | Não pode entrar em contacto com os olhos, a pele ou a roupa. |
| RO | Evitaţi orice contact cu ochii, pielea sau îmbrăcămintea. |
| SK | Zabráňte kontaktu s očami, pokožkou alebo odevom. |
| SL | Preprečiti stik z očmi, kožo ali oblačili. |
| FI | Varo kemikaalin joutumista silmiin, iholle tai vaatteisiin. |
| SV | Får inte komma i kontakt med ögonen, huden eller kläderna. |
P263 | Language | |
| BG | Да се избягва контакт по време на бременност/при кърмене. |
| ES | Evitar el contacto durante el embarazo/la lactancia. |
| CS | Zabraňte styku během těhotenství/kojení. |
| DA | Undgå kontakt under graviditet/amning. |
| DE | Kontakt während der Schwangerschaft/und der Stillzeit vermeiden. |
| ET | Vältida kokkupuudet raseduse/imetamise ajal. |
| EL | Aποφεύγετε την επαφή στη διάρκεια της εγκυμοσύνης/γαλουχίας. |
| EN | Avoid contact during pregnancy/while nursing. |
| FR | Éviter tout contact avec la substance au cours de la grossesse/pendant l’allaitement. |
| GA | Seachain teagmháil le linn toirchis/agus an chíoch á tabhairt. |
| IT | Evitare il contatto durante la gravidanza/l’allattamento. |
| LV | Izvairīties no saskares grūtniecības laikā/barojot bērnu ar krūti. |
| LT | Vengti kontakto nėštumo metu/maitinant krūtimi. |
| HU | A terhesség/szoptatás alatt kerülni kell az anyaggal való érintkezést. |
| MT | Evita l-kuntatt waqt it-tqala/waqt it-treddigħ. |
| NL | Bij zwangerschap of borstvoeding aanraking vermijden. |
| PL | Unikać kontaktu w czasie ciąży/karmienia piersią. |
| PT | Evitar o contacto durante a gravidez/o aleitamento. |
| RO | Evitaţi contactul în timpul sarcinii/alăptării. |
| SK | Zabráňte kontaktu počas tehotenstva a dojčenia. |
| SL | Preprečiti stik med nosečnostjo/dojenjem. |
| FI | Vältä kosketusta raskauden tai imetyksen aikana. |
| SV | Undvik kontakt under graviditet eller amning. |
P264 | Language | |
| BG | Да се измие… старателно след употреба. |
| ES | Lavarse … concienzudamente tras la manipulación. |
| CS | Po manipulaci důkladně omyjte … |
| DA | Vask … grundigt efter brug. |
| DE | Nach Gebrauch … gründlich waschen. |
| ET | Pärast käitlemist pesta hoolega … |
| EL | Πλύνετε … σχολαστικά μετά το χειρισμό. |
| EN | Wash … thoroughly after handling. |
| FR | Se laver … soigneusement après manipulation. |
| GA | Nigh … go lánchúramach tar éis láimhsithe. |
| IT | Lavare accuratamente … dopo l’uso. |
| LV | Pēc izmantošanas … kārtīgi nomazgāt. |
| LT | Po naudojimo kruopščiai nuplauti … |
| HU | A használatot követően a(z) … -t alaposan meg kell mosni. |
| MT | Aħsel … sew wara li timmaniġġjah. |
| NL | Na het werken met dit product … grondig wassen. |
| PL | Dokładnie umyć … po użyciu. |
| PT | Lavar … cuidadosamente após manuseamento. |
| RO | Spălaţi-vă … bine după utilizare. |
| SK | Po manipulácii starostlivo umyte… |
| SL | Po uporabi temeljito umiti … |
| FI | Pese … huolellisesti käsittelyn jälkeen. |
| SV | Tvätta … grundligt efter användning. |
P270 | Language | |
| BG | Да не се яде, пие или пуши при употреба на продукта. |
| ES | No comer, beber ni fumar durante su utilización. |
| CS | Při používání tohoto výrobku nejezte, nepijte ani nekuřte. |
| DA | Der må ikke spises, drikkes eller ryges under brugen af dette produkt. |
| DE | Bei Gebrauch nicht essen, trinken oder rauchen. |
| ET | Toote käitlemise ajal mitte süüa, juua ega suitsetada. |
| EL | Μην τρώτε, πίνετεή καπνίζετε, όταν χρησιμοποιείτε αυτό το προϊόν. |
| EN | Do no eat, drink or smoke when using this product. |
| FR | Ne pas manger, boire ou fumer en manipulant ce produit. |
| GA | Ná hith, ná hól agus ná caitear tobac agus an táirge seo á úsáid. |
| IT | Non mangiare, né bere, né fumare durante l’uso. |
| LV | Neēst, nedzert un nesmēķēt produkta izmantošanas laikā. |
| LT | Naudojant šį produktą, nevalgyti, negerti ir nerūkyti. |
| HU | A termék használata közben tilos enni, inni vagy dohányozni. |
| MT | Tikolx, tixrobx u tpejjipx waqt li tuża’ dan il-prodott. |
| NL | Niet eten, drinken of roken tijdens het gebruik van dit product. |
| PL | Nie jeść, nie pić i nie palić podczas używania produktu. |
| PT | Não comer, beber ou fumar durante a utilização deste produto. |
| RO | A nu mânca, bea sau fuma în timpul utilizării produsului. |
| SK | Pri používaní výrobku nejedzte, nepite ani nefajčite. |
| SL | Ne jesti, piti ali kaditi med uporabo tega izdelka. |
| FI | Syöminen, juominen ja tupakointi kielletty kemikaalia käytettäessä. |
| SV | Ät inte, drick inte och rök inte när du använder produkten. |
P271 | Language | |
| BG | Да се използва само на открито или на добре проветривомясто. |
| ES | Utilizar únicamente en exteriores o en un lugar bien ventilado. |
| CS | Používejte pouze venku nebo v dobře větraných prostorách. |
| DA | Brug kun udendørs eller i et rum med god udluftning. |
| DE | Nur im Freien oder in gut belüfteten Räumen verwenden. |
| ET | Käidelda üksnes välitingimustes või hästi ventileeritavas kohas. |
| EL | Να χρησιμοποιείται μόνο σε ανοικτό ή καλά αεριζόμενο χώρο. |
| EN | Use only outdoors or in a well-ventilated area. |
| FR | Utiliser seulement en plein air ou dans un endroit bien ventilé. |
| GA | Úsáid amuigh faoin aer nó i limistéar dea-aerálaithe amháin. |
| IT | Utilizzare soltanto all’aperto o in luogo ben ventilato. |
| LV | Izmantot tikai ārā vai labi vēdināmās telpās. |
| LT | Naudoti tik lauke arba gerai vėdinamoje patalpoje. |
| HU | Kizárólag szabadban vagy jól szellőző helyiségben használható. |
| MT | Uża biss barra jew f’post ventilat sew. |
| NL | Alleen buiten of in een goed geventileerde ruimte gebruiken. |
| PL | Stosować wyłącznie na zewnątrz lub w dobrze wentylowanym pomieszczeniu |
| PT | Utilizar apenas ao ar livre ou em locais bem ventilados. |
| RO | A se utiliza numai în aer liber sau în spaţii bine ventilate. |
| SK | Používajte iba na voľnom priestranstve alebo v dobre vetranom priestore. |
| SL | Uporabljati le zunaj ali v dobro prezračevanem prostoru. |
| FI | Käytä ainoastaan ulkona tai tiloissa, joissa on hyvä ilmanvaihto. |
| SV | Används endast utomhus eller i väl ventilerade utrymmen. |
P272 | Language | |
| BG | Да не се изнася замърсено работно облекло извън работното помещение. |
| ES | Las prendas de trabajo contaminadas no podrán sacarse del lugar de trabajo. |
| CS | Kontaminovaný pracovní oděv neodnášejte z pracoviště. |
| DA | Tilsmudset arbejdstøj bør ikke fjernes fra arbejdspladsen. |
| DE | Kontaminierte Arbeitskleidung nicht außerhalb des Arbeitsplatzes tragen. |
| ET | Saastunud töörõivaid töökohast mitte välja viia. |
| EL | Τα μολυσμένα ενδύματα εργασίας δεν πρέπει να βγαίνουν από το χώρο εργασίας. |
| EN | Contaminated work clothing should not be allowed out of the workplace. |
| FR | Les vêtements de travail contaminés ne devraient pas sortir du lieu de travail. |
| GA | Níor chóir éadaí éillithe oibre a ligean amach as an láthair oibre. |
| IT | Gli indumenti da lavoro contaminati non devono essere portati fuori dal luogo di lavoro. |
| LV | Piesārņoto darba apģērbu neiznest ārpus darba telpām. |
| LT | Užterštų darbo drabužių negalima išnešti iš darbo vietos. |
| HU | Szennyezett munkaruhát tilos kivinni a munkahely területéről. |
| MT | Ilbies tax-xogħol kontaminat m’għandux jitħalla joħroġ mill-post tax-xogħol. |
| NL | Verontreinigde werkkleding mag de werkruimte niet verlaten. |
| PL | Zanieczyszczonej odzieży ochronnej nie wynosić poza miejsce pracy. |
| PT | A roupa de trabalho contaminada não pode sair do local de trabalho. |
| RO | Nu scoateţi îmbrăcămintea de lucru contaminată în afara locului de muncă. |
| SK | Je zakázané vyniesť kontaminovaný pracovný odev z pracoviska. |
| SL | Kontaminirana delovna oblačila niso dovoljena zunaj delovnega mesta. |
| FI | Saastuneita työvaatteita ei saa viedä työpaikalta. |
| SV | Nedstänkta arbetskläder får inte avlägsnas från arbetsplatsen. |
P273 | Language | |
| BG | Да се избягва изпускане в околната среда. |
| ES | Evitar su liberación al medio ambiente. |
| CS | Zabraňte uvolnění do životního prostředí. |
| DA | Undgå udledning til miljøet. |
| DE | Freisetzung in die Umwelt vermeiden. |
| ET | Vältida sattumist keskkonda. |
| EL | Να αποφεύγεται η ελευθέρωση στο περιβάλλον. |
| EN | Avoid release to the environment. |
| FR | Éviter le rejet dans l’environnement. |
| GA | Ná scaoiltear amach sa chomhshaol. |
| IT | Non disperdere nell’ambiente. |
| LV | Izvairīties no izplatīšanas apkārtējā vidē. |
| LT | Saugoti, kad nepatektų į aplinką. |
| HU | Kerülni kell az anyagnak a környezetbe való kijutását. |
| MT | Evita r-rilaxx fl-ambjent. |
| NL | Voorkom lozing in het milieu. |
| PL | Unikać uwolnienia do środowiska. |
| PT | Evitar a libertação para o ambiente. |
| RO | Evitaţi dispersarea în mediu. |
| SK | Zabráňte uvoľneniu do životného prostredia. |
| SL | Preprečiti sproščanje v okolje. |
| FI | Vältettävä päästämistä ympäristöön. |
| SV | Undvik utsläpp till miljön. |
P280 | Language | |
| BG | Използвайте предпазни ръкавици/предпазно облекло/предпазни очила/предпазна маска за лице. |
| ES | Llevar guantes/prendas/gafas/máscara de protección. |
| CS | Používejte ochranné rukavice/ochranný oděv/ochranné brýle/obličejový štít. |
| DA | Bær beskyttelseshandsker/beskyttelsestøj/øjenbeskyttelse/ansigtsbeskyttelse |
| DE | Schutzhandschuhe/Schutzkleidung/Augenschutz/Gesichtsschutz tragen. |
| ET | Kanda kaitsekindaid/kaitserõivastust/kaitseprille/kaitsemaski. |
| EL | Να φοράτε προστατευτικά γάντια/προστατευτικά ενδύματα/μέσα ατομικής προστασίας για τα μάτια/πρόσωπο. |
| EN | Wear protective gloves/protective clothing/eye protection/face protection. |
| FR | Porter des gants de protection/des vêtements de protection/un équipement de protection des yeux/du visage. |
| GA | Caith lámhainní cosanta/éadaí cosanta/cosaint súile/cosaint aghaidhe. |
| IT | Indossare guanti/indumenti protettivi/Proteggere gli occhi/il viso. |
| LV | Izmantot aizsargcimdus/aizsargdrēbes/acu aizsargus/sejas aizsargus. |
| LT | Mūvėti apsaugines pirštines/dėvėti apsauginius drabužius/naudoti akių (veido) apsaugos priemones. |
| HU | Védőkesztyű/védőruha/szemvédő/arcvédő használata kötelező. |
| MT | Ilbes ingwanti protettivi/ilbies protettiv/protezzjoni għall-għajnejn/protezzjoni għall-wiċċ. |
| NL | Beschermende handschoenen/beschermende kleding/oogbescherming/gelaatsbescherming dragen. |
| PL | Stosować rękawice ochronne/odzież ochronną/ochronę oczu/ochronę twarzy. |
| PT | Usar luvas de protecção/vestuário de protecção/protecção ocular/protecção facial. |
| RO | Purtaţi mănuşi de protecţie/îmbrăcăminte de protecţie/echipament de protecţie a ochilor/echipament de protecţie a feţei. |
| SK | Noste ochranné rukavice/ochranný odev/ochranné okuliare/ochranu tváre. |
| SL | Nositi zaščitne rokavice/zaščitno obleko/zaščito za oči/zaščito za obraz. |
| FI | Käytä suojakäsineitä/suojavaatetusta/silmiensuojainta/kasvonsuojainta. |
| SV | Använd skyddshandskar/skyddskläder/ögonskydd/ansiktsskydd. |
P281 | Language | |
| BG | Използвайте предписаните лични предпазни средства. |
| ES | Utilizar el equipo de protección individual obligatorio. |
| CS | Používejte požadované osobní ochranné prostředky. |
| DA | Anvend de påkrævede personlige værnemidler. |
| DE | Vorgeschriebene persönliche Schutzausrüstung verwenden. |
| ET | Kasutada vajalikke isikukaitsevahendeid. |
| EL | Χρησιμοποιείτε μέσα ατομικής προστασίας όταν απαιτείται. |
| EN | Use personal protective equipment as required. |
| FR | Utiliser l’équipement de protection individuel requis. |
| GA | Bain úsáid as an trealamh cosanta pearsanta faoi mar a éilítear. |
| IT | Utilizzare il dispositivo di protezione individuale richiesto. |
| LV | Izmantot personisko aizsargaprīkojumu atbilstoši prasībām. |
| LT | Naudoti reikalaujamas asmenines apsaugos priemones. |
| HU | Az előírt egyéni védőfelszerelés használata kötelező. |
| MT | Uża’ t-tagħmir personali protettiv kif meħtieġ. |
| NL | De nodige persoonlijke beschermingsuitrusting gebruiken. |
| PL | Stosować wymagane środki ochrony indywidualnej. |
| PT | Usar o equipamento de protecção individual exigido. |
| RO | Utilizaţi echipamentul de protecţie individuală conform cerinţelor. |
| SK | Používajte predpísané osobné ochranné prostriedky. |
| SL | Uporabiti predpisano osebno zaščitno opremo. |
| FI | Käytä vaadittuja henkilönsuojaimia. |
| SV | Använd föreskriven personlig skyddsutrustning. |
P282 | Language | |
| BG | Носете предпазващи от студ ръкавици/маска за лице/защитни очила. |
| ES | Llevar guantes que aíslen del frío/gafas/máscara. |
| CS | Používejte ochranné rukavice proti chladu/obličejový štít/ochranné brýle. |
| DA | Bær kuldeisolerende handsker/ansigtsskærm/øjenbeskyttelse. |
| DE | Schutzhandschuhe/Gesichtsschild/Augenschutz mit Kälteisolierung tragen. |
| ET | Kanda külmakaitsekindaid/kaitsemaski/kaitseprille. |
| EL | Φοράτε μονωτικά γάντια προστασίας από το ψύχος/προστατευτική μάσκα/προστατευτικά γυαλιά. |
| EN | Wear cold insulating gloves/face shield/eye protection. |
| FR | Porter des gants isolants contre le froid/un équipement de protection du visage/des yeux. |
| GA | Caith lámhainní inslithe fuachta/aghaidhsciath/cosaint súile. |
| IT | Utilizzare guanti termici/schermo facciale/Proteggere gli occhi. |
| LV | Izmantot aizsargcimdus/sejas aizsargus/acu aizsargus ar aukstuma izolāciju. |
| LT | Mūvėti nuo šalčio izoliuojančias pirštines/naudoti veido skydelį/akių apsaugos priemones. |
| HU | Hidegszigetelő kesztyű/arcvédő/szemvédő használata kötelező. |
| MT | Ilbies ingwanti kiesħa li ma jinfedx minnhom/ilqugħ għall-wiċċ/protezzjoni għall-għajnejn. |
| NL | Koude-isolerende handschoenen/gelaatsbescherming/oogbescherming dragen. |
| PL | Nosić rękawice izolujące od zimna/maski na twarz/ochronę oczu. |
| PT | Usar luvas de protecção contra o frio/escudo facial/protecção ocular. |
| RO | Purtaţi mănuşi izolante împotriva frigului/echipament de protecţie a feţei/ochilor. |
| SK | Používajte termostabilné rukavice/ochranný štít/ochranné okuliare. |
| SL | Nositi hladne izolirne rokavice/zaščito za obraz/zaščito za oči. |
| FI | Käytä kylmäeristäviä suojakäsineitä/kasvonsuojainta/silmiensuojainta. |
| SV | Använd köldisolerande handskar/visir/ögonskydd. |
P283 | Language | |
| BG | Носете огнеупорно/огнезащитно облекло. |
| ES | Llevar prendas ignífugas/resistentes al fuego/resistentes a las llamas. |
| CS | Používejte ohnivzdorný/nehořlavý oděv. |
| DA | Bær brandbestandig/brandhæmmende beklædning. |
| DE | Schwer entflammbare/flammhemmende Kleidung tragen. |
| ET | Kanda tule-/leegikindlat/tule levikut aeglustavat rõivastust. |
| EL | Φοράτε αντιπυρικά/αλεξίφλογα πυράντοχα/βραδυφλεγή ενδύματα. |
| EN | Wear fire/flame resistant/retardant clothing. |
| FR | Porter des vêtements résistant au feu/aux flammes/ignifuges. |
| GA | Caith éadaí dódhíonacha/lasairdhíonacha nó dómhoillitheacha/lasairmhoillitheacha. |
| IT | Indossare indumenti completamente ignifughi o in tessuti ritardanti di fiamma. |
| LV | Izmantot aizsargapģērbu pret uguni/liesmām. |
| LT | Dėvėti ugniai/liepsnai atsparius/antipireninius drabužius. |
| HU | Tűz-/lángálló/-késleltető ruházat viselése kötelező. |
| MT | Ilbies ħwejjeġ reżistenti għan-nar/fjammi. |
| NL | Vuur/vlambestendige/brandwerende kleding dragen. |
| PL | Nosić odzież ognioodporną/płomienioodporną/opóźniającą zapalenie. |
| PT | Usar vestuário ignífugo/retardador de fogo/chamas. |
| RO | Purtaţi îmbrăcăminte rezistentă la foc/flacără/ignifugă. |
| SK | Noste ohňovzdorný odev/odev so zníženou horľavosťou. |
| SL | Nositi negorljiva oblačila in oblačila, odporna proti ognju. |
| FI | Käytä palosuojattua/paloturvallista vaatetusta. |
| SV | Använd brand-/flamsäkra eller brand-/flamhämmande kläder. |
P284 | Language | |
| BG | Носете респираторни предпазни средства. |
| ES | Llevar equipo de protección respiratoria. |
| CS | Používejte vybavení pro ochranu dýchacích cest. |
| DA | Anvend åndedrætsværn. |
| DE | Atemschutz tragen. |
| ET | Kanda hingamisteede kaitsevahendeid. |
| EL | Φοράτε μέσα ατομικής προστασίας της αναπνοής. |
| EN | Wear respiratory protection. |
| FR | Porter un équipement de protection respiratoire. |
| GA | Caith cosaint riospráide. |
| IT | Utilizzare un apparecchio respiratorio. |
| LV | Izmantot gāzmasku. |
| LT | Naudoti kvėpavimo takų apsaugos priemones. |
| HU | Légzésvédelem használata kötelező. |
| MT | Ilbes protezzjoni respiratorja. |
| NL | Adembescherming dragen. |
| PL | Stosować indywidualne środki ochrony dróg oddechowych. |
| PT | Usar protecção respiratória. |
| RO | Purtaţi echipament de protecţie respiratorie. |
| SK | Používajte ochranu dýchacích ciest. |
| SL | Nositi opremo za zaščito dihal. |
| FI | Käytä hengityksensuojainta. |
| SV | Använd andningsskydd. |
P285 | Language | |
| BG | В случай на лоша вентилация носете респираторни предпазни средства. |
| ES | En caso de ventilación insuficiente, llevar equipo de protección respiratoria. |
| CS | V případě nedostatečného větrání používejte vybavení pro ochranu dýchacích cest. |
| DA | Ved utilstrækkelig udluftning anvendes åndedrætsværn. |
| DE | Bei unzureichender Belüfung Atemschutz tragen. |
| ET | Ebapiisava ventilatsiooni korral kanda hingamisteede kaitsevahendeid. |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση ανεπαρκούς αερισμού, να φοράτε μέσα ατομικής προστασίας της αναπνοής. |
| EN | In case of inadequate ventilation wear respiratory protection. |
| FR | Lorsque la ventilation du local est insuffisante, porter un équipement de protection respiratoire. |
| GA | I gcás aerála uireasaigh caith cosaint riospráide. |
| IT | In caso di ventilazione insufficiente utilizzare un apparecchio respiratorio. |
| LV | Neatbilstošas ventilācijas gadījumā izmantot gāzmasku. |
| LT | Esant nepakankamam vėdinimui, naudoti kvėpavimo takų apsaugos priemones. |
| HU | Nem megfelelő szellőzés esetén légzésvédelem kötelező. |
| MT | F’każ ta' ventilazzjoni inadegwata ilbes protezzjoni respiratorja. |
| NL | Bij ontoereikende ventilatie een geschikte adembescherming dragen. |
| PL | W przypadku niedostatecznej wentylacji stosować indywidualne środki ochrony dróg oddechowych. |
| PT | Em caso de ventilação inadequada, usar protecção respiratória. |
| RO | În cazul în care ventilarea este insuficientă, purtaţi echipament de protecţie respiratorie. |
| SK | V prípade nedostatočného vetrania, používajte ochranu dýchacích ciest. |
| SL | Ob nezadostnem prezračevanju nositi opremo za zaščito dihal. |
| FI | Käytä hengityksensuojainta, jos ilmanvaihto on riittämätön. |
| SV | Använd andningsskydd vid otillräcklig ventilation. |
P231 + P232 | Language | |
| BG | Да се използва под инертен газ. Да се пази от влага. |
| ES | Manipular en gas inerte. Proteger de la humedad. |
| CS | Manipulace pod inertním plynem. Chraňte před vlhkem. |
| DA | Anvendes under inaktiv gas. Beskyttes mod fugt. |
| DE | Unter inertem Gas handhaben. Vor Feuchtigkeit schützen. |
| ET | Käidelda inertgaasis. Hoida niiskuse eest. |
| EL | Χειρισμός σε αδρανή ατμόσφαιρα. Προστατέψτε από την υγρασία. |
| EN | Handle under inert gas. Protect from moisture. |
| FR | Manipuler sous gaz inerte. Protéger de l’humidité. |
| GA | Láimhsigh faoi thriathghás. Cosain ó thaise. |
| IT | Manipolare in atmosfera di gas inerte. Tenere al riparo dall’umidità. |
| LV | Izmantot tikai inertas gāzes apstākļos. Aizsargāt no mitruma. |
| LT | Tvarkyti inertinėse dujose. Saugoti nuo drėgmės. |
| HU | Inert gázban használandó. Nedvességtől védendő. |
| MT | Uża’ taħt gass inerti. Ipproteġi mill-umdità. |
| NL | Onder inert gas werken. Tegen vocht beschermen. |
| PL | Używać w atmosferze obojętnego gazu Chronić przed wilgocią. |
| PT | Manusear em atmosfera de gás inerte. Manter ao abrigo da humidade. |
| RO | A se manipula sub un gaz inert. A se proteja de umiditate. |
| SK | Manipulujte v prostredí s inertným plynom. Chráňte pred vlhkosťou. |
| SL | Hraniti v ustreznem inertnem plinu. Zaščititi pred vlago. |
| FI | Käsittele inertissä kaasussa. Suojaa kosteudelta. |
| SV | Hanteras under inert gas. Skyddas från fukt. |
P235 + P410 | Language | |
| BG | Да се държи на хладно. Да се пази от пряка слънчева светлина. |
| ES | Conservar en un lugar fresco. Proteger de la luz del sol. |
| CS | Uchovávejte v chladu. Chraňte před slunečním zářením. |
| DA | Opbevares køligt. Beskyttes mod sollys. |
| DE | Kühl halten. Vor Sonnenbestrahlung schützen. |
| ET | Hoida jahedas. Hoida päikesevalguse eest. |
| EL | Να διατηρείται δροσερό. Να προστατεύεται από τις ηλιακές ακτίνες. |
| EN | Keep cool. Protect from sunlight. |
| FR | Tenir au frais. Protéger du rayonnement solaire. |
| GA | Coimeád fionnuar. Cosain ó sholas na gréine. |
| IT | Tenere in luogo fresco. Proteggere dai raggi solari. |
| LV | Turēt vēsumā. Aizsargāt no saules gaismas. |
| LT | Laikyti vėsioje vietoje. Saugoti nuo saulės šviesos. |
| HU | Hűvös helyen tartandó. Napfénytől védendő. |
| MT | Żomm frisk. Ipproteġi mir-raġġi tax-xemx. |
| NL | Koel bewaren. Tegen zonlicht beschermen. |
| PL | Przechowywać w chłodnym miejscu. Chronić przed światłem słonecznym. |
| PT | Conservar em ambiente fresco. Manter ao abrigo da luz solar. |
| RO | A se păstra la rece. A se proteja de lumina solară. |
| SK | Uchovávajte v chlade. Chráňte pred slnečným žiarením. |
| SL | Hraniti na hladnem. Zaščititi pred sončno svetlobo. |
| FI | Säilytä viileässä. Suojaa auringonvalolta. |
| SV | Förvaras svalt. Skyddas från solljus. |
Table 1.3
Precautionary statements — Response
P301 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ПОГЛЪЩАНЕ: |
| ES | EN CASO DE INGESTIÓN: |
| CS | PŘI POŽITÍ: |
| DA | I TILFÆLDE AF INDTAGELSE: |
| DE | BEI VERSCHLUCKEN: |
| ET | ALLANEELAMISE KORRAL: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΚΑΤΑΠΟΣΗΣ: |
| EN | IF SWALLOWED: |
| FR | EN CAS D’INGESTION: |
| GA | MÁ SHLOGTAR: |
| IT | IN CASO DI INGESTIONE: |
| LV | NORĪŠANAS GADĪJUMĀ: |
| LT | PRARIJUS: |
| HU | LENYELÉS ESETÉN: |
| MT | JEKK JINBELA’: |
| NL | NA INSLIKKEN: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU POŁKNIĘCIA: |
| PT | EM CASO DE INGESTÃO: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE ÎNGHIŢIRE: |
| SK | PO POŽITÍ: |
| SL | PRI ZAUŽITJU: |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA ON NIELTY: |
| SV | VID FÖRTÄRING: |
P302 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С КОЖАТА: |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA PIEL: |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S KŮŽÍ: |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED HUDEN: |
| DE | BEI BERÜHRUNG MIT DER HAUT: |
| ET | NAHALE SATTUMISE KORRAL: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΟ ΔΕΡΜΑ: |
| EN | IF ON SKIN: |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LA PEAU: |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS AN gCRAICEANN: |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON LA PELLE: |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR ĀDU: |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT ODOS: |
| HU | HA BŐRRE KERÜL: |
| MT | F'KAŻ TA' KUNTATT MAL-ĠILDA: |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE HUID: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU KONTAKTU ZE SKÓRĄ: |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A PELE: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU PIELEA: |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S POKOŽKOU: |
| SL | PRI STIKU S KOŽO: |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU IHOLLE: |
| SV | VID HUDKONTAKT: |
P303 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С КОЖАТА (или косата): |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA PIEL (o el pelo): |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S KŮŽÍ (nebo s vlasy): |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED HUDEN (eller håret): |
| DE | BEI BERÜHRUNG MIT DER HAUT (oder dem Haar): |
| ET | NAHALE (või juustele) SATTUMISE KORRAL: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΟ ΔΕΡΜΑ (ή με τα μαλλιά): |
| EN | IF ON SKIN (or hair): |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LA PEAU (ou les cheveux): |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS AN gCRAICEANN (nó le gruaig): |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON LA PELLE (o con i capelli): |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR ĀDU (vai matiem): |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT ODOS (arba plaukų): |
| HU | HA BŐRRE (vagy hajra) KERÜL: |
| MT | F'KAŻ TA' KUNTATT MAL-ĠILDA (jew ix-xagħar): |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE HUID (of het haar): |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU KONTAKTU ZE SKÓRĄ (lub z włosami): |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A PELE (ou o cabelo): |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU PIELEA (sau părul): |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S POKOŽKOU (alebo vlasmi): |
| SL | PRI STIKU S KOŽO (ali lasmi): |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU IHOLLE (tai hiuksiin): |
| SV | VID HUDKONTAKT (även håret): |
P304 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ВДИШВАНЕ: |
| ES | EN CASO DE INHALACIÓN: |
| CS | PŘI VDECHNUTÍ: |
| DA | VED INDÅNDING: |
| DE | BEI EINATMEN: |
| ET | SISSEHINGAMISE KORRAL: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΙΣΠΝΟΗΣ: |
| EN | IF INHALED: |
| FR | EN CAS D’INHALATION: |
| GA | MÁ IONANÁLAÍTEAR: |
| IT | IN CASO DI INALAZIONE: |
| LV | IEELPOJOT: |
| LT | ĮKVĖPUS: |
| HU | BELÉLEGZÉS ESETÉN: |
| MT | JEKK JINĠIBED MAN-NIFS: |
| NL | NA INADEMING: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU DOSTANIA SIĘ DO DRÓG ODDECHOWYCH: |
| PT | EM CASO DE INALAÇÃO: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE INHALARE: |
| SK | PO VDÝCHNUTÍ: |
| SL | PRI VDIHAVANJU: |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA ON HENGITETTY: |
| SV | VID INANDNING: |
P305 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С ОЧИТЕ: |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LOS OJOS: |
| CS | PŘI ZASAŽENÍ OČÍ: |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED ØJNENE: |
| DE | BEI KONTAKT MIT DEN AUGEN: |
| ET | SILMA SATTUMISE KORRAL: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΑ ΜΑΤΙΑ: |
| EN | IF IN EYES: |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LES YEUX: |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS NA SÚILE: |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON GLI OCCHI: |
| LV | IEKĻŪSTOT ACĪS: |
| LT | PATEKUS Į AKIS: |
| HU | SZEMBE KERÜLÉS ESETÉN: |
| MT | JEKK JIDĦOL FL-GĦAJNEJN: |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE OGEN: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU DOSTANIA SIĘ DO OCZU: |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM OS OLHOS: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU OCHII: |
| SK | PO ZASIAHNUTÍ OČÍ: |
| SL | PRI STIKU Z OČMI: |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU SILMIIN: |
| SV | VID KONTAKT MED ÖGONEN: |
P306 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ПОПАДАНЕ ВЪРХУ ОБЛЕКЛОТО: |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA ROPA: |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S ODĚVEM: |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED TØJET: |
| DE | BEI KONTAMINIERTER KLEIDUNG: |
| ET | RÕIVASTELE SATTUMISE KORRAL: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΑ ΡΟΥΧΑ: |
| EN | IF ON CLOTHING: |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LES VÊTEMENTS: |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LE hÉADAÍ: |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON GLI INDUMENTI: |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR APĢĒRBU: |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT DRABUŽIŲ: |
| HU | HA RUHÁRA KERÜL: |
| MT | F'KAŻ TA' KUNTATT MA' L-ILBIES: |
| NL | NA MORSEN OP KLEDING: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU KONTAKTU Z ODZIEŻĄ: |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A ROUPA: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU ÎMBRĂCĂMINTEA: |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S ODEVOM: |
| SL | PRI STIKU Z OBLAČILI: |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU VAATTEISIIN: |
| SV | VID KONTAKT MED KLÄDERNA: |
P307 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ експозиция: |
| ES | EN CASO DE exposición: |
| CS | PŘI expozici: |
| DA | VED eksponering: |
| DE | BEI Exposition: |
| ET | Kokkupuute korral: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ έκθεσης: |
| EN | IF exposed: |
| FR | EN CAS d’exposition: |
| GA | I gCÁS nochta: |
| IT | IN CASO di esposizione: |
| LV | JA saskaras: |
| LT | Esant sąlyčiui: |
| HU | Expozíció esetén: |
| MT | JEKK espost: |
| NL | NA blootstelling: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU narażenia: |
| PT | EM CASO DE exposição: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE expunere: |
| SK | PO expozícii: |
| SL | PRI izpostavljenosti: |
| FI | Altistumisen tapahduttua: |
| SV | Om du exponerats: |
P308 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ явна или предполагаема експозиция: |
| ES | EN CASO DE exposición manifiesta o presunta: |
| CS | PŘI expozici nebo podezření na ni: |
| DA | VED eksponering eller mistanke om eksponering: |
| DE | BEI Exposition oder falls betroffen |
| ET | Kokkupuute või kokkupuutekahtluse korral: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ έκθεσης ή πιθανής έκθεσης: |
| EN | IF exposed or concerned: |
| FR | EN CAS d’exposition prouvée ou suspectée: |
| GA | I gCÁS nochta nó má mheastar a bheith nochtaithe: |
| IT | IN CASO di esposizione o di possibile esposizione: |
| LV | Ja saskaras vai saistīts ar: |
| LT | Esant sąlyčiui arba jeigu numanomas sąlytis: |
| HU | Expozíció vagy annak gyanúja esetén: |
| MT | JEKK espost jew konċernat: |
| NL | NA (mogelijke) blootstelling: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU narażenia lub styczności: |
| PT | EM CASO DE exposição ou suspeita de exposição: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE expunere sau de posibilă expunere: |
| SK | Po expozícii alebo podozrení z nej: |
| SL | PRI izpostavljenosti ali sumu izpostavljenosti: |
| FI | Altistumisen tapahduttua tai jos epäillään altistumista: |
| SV | Vid exponering eller misstanke om exponering: |
P309 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ експозиция или при неразположение: |
| ES | EN CASO DE exposición o malestar: |
| CS | PŘI expozici nebo necítíte-li se dobře: |
| DA | VED eksponering eller ubehag: |
| DE | BEI Exposition oder Unwohlsein: |
| ET | Kokkupuute või halva enesetunde korral: |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ έκθεσης ή αδιαθεσίας: |
| EN | IF exposed or if you feel unwell: |
| FR | EN CAS d’exposition ou d'un malaise: |
| GA | I gCÁS nochta nó má bhraitear tinn: |
| IT | IN CASO di esposizione o di malessere: |
| LV | JA saskaras vai ja jums ir slikta pašsajūta: |
| LT | Esant sąlyčiui arba blogai pasijutus: |
| HU | Expozíció vagy rosszullét esetén: |
| MT | JEKK espost jew tħossok ma tiflaħx: |
| NL | NA blootstelling of bij onwel voelen: |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU narażenia lub złego samopoczucia: |
| PT | EM CASO DE exposição ou de indisposição: |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE expunere sau dacă nu vă simţiţi bine: |
| SK | Po expozícii alebo pri zdravotných problémoch. |
| SL | PRI izpostavljenosti ali slabem počutju: |
| FI | Altistumisen tapahduttua tai jos ilmenee pahoinvointia: |
| SV | Vid exponering eller obehag: |
P310 | Language | |
| BG | Незабавно се обадете в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОКСИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар. |
| ES | Llamar inmediatamente a un CENTRO DE INFORMACION TOXICOLOGICA o a un médico. |
| CS | Okamžitě volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | Ring omgående til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | Sofort GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | Võtta viivitamata ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | Καλέστε αμέσως το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό. |
| EN | Immediately call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. |
| FR | Appeler immédiatement un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin. |
| GA | Cuir glao láithreach ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia. |
| IT | Contattare immediatamente un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico. |
| LV | Nekavējoties sazinieties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu. |
| LT | Nedelsiant skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Azonnal forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib. |
| NL | Onmiddellijk een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | Natychmiast skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub lekarzem. |
| PT | Contacte imediatamente um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | Sunaţi imediat la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic. |
| SK | Okamžite volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | Takoj pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | Ota välittömästi yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin. |
| SV | Kontakta genast GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare. |
P311 | Language | |
| BG | Обадете се в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОКСИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар. |
| ES | Llamar a un CENTRO DE INFORMACION TOXICOLOGICA o a un médico. |
| CS | Volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | Ring til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | Võtta ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | Καλέστε το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό. |
| EN | Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. |
| FR | Appeler un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin. |
| GA | Cuir glao ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia. |
| IT | Contattare un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico. |
| LV | Sazinieties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu. |
| LT | Skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib. |
| NL | Een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | Skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub lekarzem. |
| PT | Contacte um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | Sunaţi la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic. |
| SK | Volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | Pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | Ota yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin. |
| SV | Kontakta GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare. |
P312 | Language | |
| BG | При неразположение се обадете в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОКСИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар. |
| ES | Llamar a un CENTRO DE INFORMACION TOXICOLOGICA o a un médico en caso de malestar. |
| CS | Necítíte-li se dobře, volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | I tilfælde af ubehag ring til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | Bei Unwohlsein GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | Halva enesetunde korral võtta ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | Καλέστε το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό εάν αισθανθείτε αδιαθεσία. |
| EN | Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician if you feel unwell. |
| FR | Appeler un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin en cas de malaise. |
| GA | Cuir glao ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia má bhraitheann tú tinn. |
| IT | In caso di malessere, contattare un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico. |
| LV | Sazinieties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu, ja jums ir slikta pašsajūta. |
| LT | Pasijutus blogai, skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Rosszullét esetén forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib jekk tħossok ma tiflaħx. |
| NL | Bij onwel voelen een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku złego samopoczucia skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub z lekarzem. |
| PT | Caso sinta indisposição, contacte um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | Sunaţi la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic, dacă nu vă simţiţi bine. |
| SK | Pri zdravotných problémoch, volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | Ob slabem počutju pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | Ota yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin, jos ilmenee pahoinvointia. |
| SV | Vid obehag, kontakta GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare. |
P313 | Language | |
| BG | Потърсете медицински съвет/помощ. |
| ES | Consultar a un médico. |
| CS | Vyhledejte lékařskou pomoc/ošetření. |
| DA | Søg lægehjælp. |
| DE | Ärztlichen Rat einholen/ärztliche Hilfe hinzuziehen. |
| ET | Pöörduda arsti poole. |
| EL | Συμβουλευθείτε/Επισκεφθείτε γιατρό. |
| EN | Get medical advice/attention. |
| FR | Consulter un médecin. |
| GA | Faigh comhairle/cúram liachta. |
| IT | Consultare un medico. |
| LV | Lūdziet palīdzību mediķiem. |
| LT | Kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Orvosi ellátást kell kérni. |
| MT | Ikkonsulta tabib. |
| NL | Een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | Zasięgnąć porady/zgłosić się pod opiekę lekarza. |
| PT | Consulte um médico. |
| RO | Consultaţi medicul. |
| SK | Vyhľadajte lekársku pomoc/starostlivosť. |
| SL | Poiščite zdravniško pomoč/oskrbo. |
| FI | Hakeudu lääkäriin. |
| SV | Sök läkarhjälp. |
P314 | Language | |
| BG | При неразположение потърсете медицински съвет/помощ. |
| ES | Consultar a un médico en caso de malestar. |
| CS | Necítíte-li se dobře, vyhledejte lékařskou pomoc/ošetření. |
| DA | Søg lægehjælp ved ubehag. |
| DE | Bei Unwohlsein ärztlichen Rat einholen/ärztliche Hilfe hinzuziehen. |
| ET | Halva enesetunde korral pöörduda arsti poole. |
| EL | Συμβουλευθείτε/Επισκεφθείτε γιατρό εάν αισθανθείτε αδιαθεσία. |
| EN | Get medical advice/attention if you feel unwell. |
| FR | Consulter un médecin en cas de malaise. |
| GA | Faigh comhairle/cúram liachta má bhraitheann tú tinn. |
| IT | In caso di malessere, consultare un medico. |
| LV | Lūdziet palīdzību mediķiem, ja jums ir slikta pašsajūta. |
| LT | Pasijutus blogai, kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Rosszullét esetén orvosi ellátást kell kérni. |
| MT | Ikkonsulta tabib jekk tħossok ma tiflaħx. |
| NL | Bij onwel voelen een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku złego samopoczucia zasięgnąć porady/zgłosić się pod opiekę lekarza. |
| PT | Em caso de indisposição, consulte um médico. |
| RO | Consultaţi medicul, dacă nu vă simţiţi bine. |
| SK | Ak pociťujete zdravotné problémy, vyhľadajte lekársku pomoc/starostlivosť. |
| SL | Ob slabem počutju poiščite zdravniško pomoč/oskrbo. |
| FI | Hakeudu lääkäriin, jos ilmenee pahoinvointia. |
| SV | Sök läkarhjälp vid obehag. |
P315 | Language | |
| BG | Незабавно потърсете медицински съвет/помощ. |
| ES | Consultar a un médico inmediatamente. |
| CS | Okamžitě vyhledejte lékařskou pomoc/ošetření. |
| DA | Søg omgående lægehjælp. |
| DE | Sofort ärztlichen Rat einholen/ärztliche Hilfe hinzuziehen. |
| ET | Pöörduda viivitamata arsti poole. |
| EL | Συμβουλευθείτε/Επισκεφθείτε αμέσως γιατρό. |
| EN | Get immediate medical advice/attention. |
| FR | Consulter immédiatement un médecin. |
| GA | Faigh comhairle/cúram liachta láithreach. |
| IT | Consultare immediatamente un medico. |
| LV | Nekavējoties lūdziet palīdzību mediķiem. |
| LT | Nedelsiant kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Azonnal orvosi ellátást kell kérni. |
| MT | Ikkonsulta tabib minnufih. |
| NL | Onmiddellijk een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | Natychmiast zasięgnąć porady/zgłosić się pod opiekę lekarza. |
| PT | Consulte imediatamente um médico. |
| RO | Consultaţi imediat medicul. |
| SK | Okamžite vyhľadajte lekársku pomoc/starostlivosť. |
| SL | Takoj poiščite zdravniško pomoč/oskrbo. |
| FI | Hakeudu välittömästi lääkäriin. |
| SV | Sök omedelbart läkarhjälp. |
P320 | Language | |
| BG | Спешна нужда от специализирано лечение (вж… на този етикет). |
| ES | Se necesita urgentemente un tratamiento específico (ver … en esta etiqueta). |
| CS | Je nutné odborné ošetření (viz … na tomto štítku). |
| DA | Særlig behandling straks påkrævet (se … på denne etiket). |
| DE | Besondere Behandlung dringend erforderlich (siehe … auf diesem Kennzeichnungsetikett). |
| ET | Nõuab viivitamatut eriravi (vt … käesoleval etiketil). |
| EL | Χρειάζεται επειγόντως ειδική αγωγή (βλέπε … στην ετικέτα). |
| EN | Specific treatment is urgent (see … on this label). |
| FR | Un traitement spécifique est urgent (voir … sur cette étiquette). |
| GA | Tá sé práinneach go bhfaightear cóir leighis ar leith (féach … ar an lipéad seo). |
| IT | Trattamento specifico urgente (vedere… su questa etichetta). |
| LV | Steidzami nepieciešama īpaša medicīniskā palīdzība (skat. … uz šīs etiķetes). |
| LT | Būtinas skubus specialus gydymas (žr. … šioje etiketėje). |
| HU | Sürgős szakellátás szükséges (lásd … a címkén). |
| MT | Trattament speċifiku hu urġenti (ara … fuq din it-tikketta). |
| NL | Specifieke behandeling dringend vereist (zie … op dit etiket). |
| PL | Pilnie zastosować określone leczenie (patrz … na etykiecie). |
| PT | É urgente um tratamento específico (ver … no presente rótulo). |
| RO | Un tratament specific este urgent (a se vedea … de pe această etichetă). |
| SK | Odborné ošetrenie je naliehavé (pozri … na etikete). |
| SL | Posebno zdravljenje je nujno (glejte … na tej etiketi). |
| FI | Erityishoitoa tarvitaan välittömästi (katso … pakkauksen merkinnöissä). |
| SV | Särskild behandling krävs omedelbart (se … på etiketten). |
P321 | Language | |
| BG | Специализирано лечение (вж… на този етикет). |
| ES | Se necesita un tratamiento específico (ver … en esta etiqueta). |
| CS | Odborné ošetření (viz … na tomto štítku). |
| DA | Særlig behandling (se … på denne etiket). |
| DE | Besondere Behandlung (siehe … auf diesem Kennzeichnungsetikett). |
| ET | Nõuab eriravi (vt … käesoleval etiketil). |
| EL | Χρειάζεται ειδική αγωγή (βλέπε … στην ετικέτα). |
| EN | Specific treatment (see … on this label). |
| FR | Traitement spécifique (voir … sur cette étiquette). |
| GA | Cóir liachta ar leith (féach … ar an lipéad seo). |
| IT | Trattamento specifico (vedere …su questa etichetta). |
| LV | Īpaša medicīniskā palīdzība (skat. … uz šīs etiķetes). |
| LT | Specialus gydymas (žr. … šioje etiketėje). |
| HU | Szakellátás (lásd … a címkén). |
| MT | Trattament speċifiku (ara … fuq din it-tikketta). |
| NL | Specifieke behandeling vereist (zie … op dit etiket). |
| PL | Zastosować określone leczenie (patrz … na etykiecie). |
| PT | Tratamento específico (ver … no presente rótulo). |
| RO | Tratament specific (a se vedea … de pe această etichetă). |
| SK | Odborné ošetrenie (pozri … na etikete). |
| SL | Posebno zdravljenje (glejte … na tej etiketi). |
| FI | Erityishoitoa tarvitaan (katso … pakkauksen merkinnöissä). |
| SV | Särskild behandling (se … på etiketten). |
P322 | Language | |
| BG | Специални мерки (вж… на този етикет). |
| ES | Se necesitan medidas específicas (ver … en esta etiqueta). |
| CS | Specifické opatření (viz … na tomto štítku). |
| DA | Særlige foranstaltninger (se … på denne etiket). |
| DE | Gezielte Maßnahmen (siehe … auf diesem Kennzeichnungsetikett). |
| ET | Nõuab erimeetmeid (vt … käesoleval etiketil). |
| EL | Χρειάζονται ειδικά μέτρα (βλέπε … στην ετικέτα). |
| EN | Specific measures (see … on this label). |
| FR | Mesures spécifiques (voir … sur cette étiquette). |
| GA | Bearta ar leith (féach … ar an lipéad seo). |
| IT | Misure specifiche (vedere …su questa etichetta). |
| LV | Īpaši pasākumi (skat. … uz šīs etiķetes). |
| LT | Specialios priemonės (žr. … šioje etiketėje). |
| HU | Különleges intézkedések (lásd … a címkén). |
| MT | Miżuri speċifiċi (ara … fuq din it-tikketta). |
| NL | Specifieke maatregelen (zie … op dit etiket). |
| PL | Środki szczególne (patrz … na etykiecie). |
| PT | Medidas específicas (ver … no presente rótulo). |
| RO | Măsuri specifice (a se vedea … de pe această etichetă). |
| SK | Osobitné opatrenia (pozri … na etikete). |
| SL | Posebni ukrepi (glejte … na tej etiketi). |
| FI | Erityistoimenpiteitä tarvitaan (katso … pakkauksen merkinnöissä). |
| SV | Särskilda åtgärder (se … på etiketten). |
P330 | Language | |
| BG | Изплакнете устата. |
| ES | Enjuagarse la boca. |
| CS | Vypláchněte ústa. |
| DA | Skyl munden. |
| DE | Mund ausspülen. |
| ET | Loputada suud. |
| EL | Ξεπλύνετε το στόμα. |
| EN | Rinse mouth. |
| FR | Rincer la bouche. |
| GA | Sruthlaítear an béal. |
| IT | Sciacquare la bocca. |
| LV | Izskalot muti. |
| LT | Išskalauti burną. |
| HU | A szájat ki kell öblíteni. |
| MT | Laħlaħ ħalqek. |
| NL | De mond spoelen. |
| PL | Wypłukać usta. |
| PT | Enxaguar a boca. |
| RO | Clătiţi gura. |
| SK | Vypláchnite ústa. |
| SL | Izprati usta. |
| FI | Huuhdo suu. |
| SV | Skölj munnen. |
P331 | Language | |
| BG | НЕ предизвиквайте повръщане. |
| ES | NO provocar el vómito. |
| CS | NEVYVOLÁVEJTE zvracení. |
| DA | Fremkald IKKE opkastning. |
| DE | KEIN Erbrechen herbeiführen. |
| ET | MITTE kutsuda esile oksendamist. |
| EL | ΜΗΝ προκαλέσετε εμετό. |
| EN | Do NOT induce vomiting. |
| FR | NE PAS faire vomir. |
| GA | NÁ spreagtar urlacan. |
| IT | NON provocare il vomito. |
| LV | NEIZRAISĪT vemšanu. |
| LT | NESKATINTI vėmimo. |
| HU | TILOS hánytatni. |
| MT | TIPPROVOKAX ir-remettar. |
| NL | GEEN braken opwekken. |
| PL | NIE wywoływać wymiotów. |
| PT | NÃO provocar o vómito. |
| RO | NU provocaţi voma. |
| SK | Nevyvolávajte zvracanie. |
| SL | NE izzvati bruhanja. |
| FI | EI saa oksennuttaa. |
| SV | Framkalla INTE kräkning. |
P332 | Language | |
| BG | При поява на кожно дразнене: |
| ES | En caso de irritación cutánea: |
| CS | Při podráždění kůže: |
| DA | Ved hudirritation: |
| DE | Bei Hautreizung: |
| ET | Nahaärrituse korral: |
| EL | Εάν παρατηρηθεί ερεθισμός του δέρματος: |
| EN | If skin irritation occurs: |
| FR | En cas d’irritation cutanée: |
| GA | I gcás greannú craicinn: |
| IT | In caso di irritazione della pelle: |
| LV | Ja rodas ādas iekaisums: |
| LT | Jeigu sudirginama oda: |
| HU | Bőrirritáció esetén: |
| MT | Jekk ikun hemm irritazzjoni tal-ġilda: |
| NL | Bij huidirritatie: |
| PL | W przypadku wystąpienia podrażnienia skóry: |
| PT | Em caso de irritação cutânea: |
| RO | În caz de iritare a pielii: |
| SK | Ak sa prejaví podráždenie pokožky: |
| SL | Če nastopi draženje kože: |
| FI | Jos ilmenee ihoärsytystä: |
| SV | Vid hudirritation: |
P333 | Language | |
| BG | При поява на кожно дразнене или обрив на кожата: |
| ES | En caso de irritación o erupción cutánea: |
| CS | Při podráždění kůže nebo vyrážce: |
| DA | Ved hudirritation eller udslet: |
| DE | Bei Hautreizung oder -ausschlag: |
| ET | Nahaärrituse või _obe korral: |
| EL | Εάν παρατηρηθεί ερεθισμός του δέρματος ή εμφανιστεί εξάνθημα: |
| EN | If skin irritation or rash occurs: |
| FR | En cas d’irritation ou d’éruption cutanée: |
| GA | I gcás greannú nó grís craicinn: |
| IT | In caso di irritazione o eruzione della pelle: |
| LV | Ja rodas ādas iekaisums vai izsitumi: |
| LT | Jeigu sudirginama oda arba ją išberia. |
| HU | Bőrirritáció vagy kiütések megjelenése esetén: |
| MT | Jekk ikun hemm irritazzjoni jew raxx tal-ġilda: |
| NL | Bij huidirritatie of uitslag: |
| PL | W przypadku wystąpienia podrażnienia skóry lub wysypki: |
| PT | Em caso de irritação ou erupção cutânea: |
| RO | În caz de iritare a pielii sau de erupţie cutanată: |
| SK | Ak sa prejaví podráždenie pokožky alebo sa vytvoria vyrážky: |
| SL | Če nastopi draženje kože ali se pojavi izpuščaj: |
| FI | Jos ilmenee ihoärsytystä tai ihottumaa: |
| SV | Vid hudirritation eller utslag: |
P334 | Language | |
| BG | Потопете в хладка вода/сложете мокри компреси. |
| ES | Sumergir en agua fresca/aplicar compresas húmedas. |
| CS | Ponořte do studené vody/zabalte do vlhkého obvazu. |
| DA | Skyl under koldt vand/anvend våde omslag. |
| DE | In kaltes Wasser tauchen/nassen Verband anlegen. |
| ET | Hoida jahedas vees/panna peale niiske kompress. |
| EL | Βυθίστε σε δροσερό νερό/τυλίξτε με βρεγμένους επιδέσμους. |
| EN | Immerse in cool water/wrap in wet bandages. |
| FR | Rincer à l’eau fraîche/poser une compresse humide. |
| GA | Tum in uisce fionnuar/cuir bréid fliuch air. |
| IT | Immergere in acqua fredda/avvolgere con un bendaggio umido. |
| LV | Iegremdēt vēsā ūdenī/ietīt mitros apsējos. |
| LT | Įmerkti į vėsų vandenį/apvynioti šlapiais tvarsčiais. |
| HU | Hideg vízzel/nedves kötéssel kell hűteni. |
| MT | Daħħal fl-ilma kiesaħ/kebbeb f’faxex imxarrbin. |
| NL | In koud water onderdompelen/nat verband aanbrengen. |
| PL | Zanurzyć w zimnej wodzie/owinąć mokrym bandażem. |
| PT | Mergulhar em água fria/aplicar compressas húmidas. |
| RO | Introduceţi în apă rece/acoperiţi cu o compresă umedă. |
| SK | Ponorte do studenej vody/obviažte mokrými obväzmi. |
| SL | Potopiti v hladno vodo/zaviti v mokre povoje. |
| FI | Upota kylmään veteen/kääri märkiin siteisiin. |
| SV | Skölj under kallt vatten/använd våta omslag. |
P335 | Language | |
| BG | Отстранете от кожата посипаните частици. |
| ES | Sacudir las partículas que se hayan depositado en la piel. |
| CS | Volné částice odstraňte z kůže. |
| DA | Børst løse partikler bort fra huden. |
| DE | Lose Partikel von der Haut abbürsten. |
| ET | Pühkida lahtised osakesed nahalt maha. |
| EL | Αφαιρέστε προσεκτικά τα σωματίδια που έχουν μείνει στο δέρμα. |
| EN | Brush off loose particles from skin. |
| FR | Enlever avec précaution les particules déposées sur la peau. |
| GA | Glan cáithníní scaoilte den chraiceann. |
| IT | Rimuovere le particelle depositate sulla pelle. |
| LV | Noberzt no ādas nepiestiprinātās daļiņas. |
| LT | Neprilipusias daleles nuvalyti nuo odos. |
| HU | A bőrre lazán tapadó szemcséket óvatosan le kell kefélni. |
| MT | Farfar il-frak mhux imwaħħla minn fuq il-ġilda. |
| NL | Losse deeltjes van de huid afvegen. |
| PL | Nie związaną pozostałość strzepnąć ze skóry. |
| PT | Sacudir da pele as partículas soltas. |
| RO | Îndepărtaţi particulele depuse pe piele. |
| SK | Z pokožky oprášte sypké čiastočky. |
| SL | S krtačo odstraniti razsute delce s kože. |
| FI | Poista irtohiukkaset iholta. |
| SV | Borsta bort lösa partiklar från huden. |
P336 | Language | |
| BG | Размразете замръзналите части в хладка вода. Не разтривайте засегнатото място. |
| ES | Descongelar las partes heladas con agua tibia. No frotar la zona afectada. |
| CS | Omrzlá místa ošetřete vlažnou vodou. Postižené místo netřete. |
| DA | Forsigtig opvarmning af frostskadede legemsdele i lunkent vand. Gnid ikke det angrebne område. |
| DE | Vereiste Bereiche mit lauwarmem Wasser auftauen. Betroffenen Bereich nicht reiben. |
| ET | Sulatada külmunud piirkonnad leige veega. Kannatada saanud piirkonda mitte hõõruda. |
| EL | Ξεπαγώστε τα παγωμένα μέρη με χλιαρό νερό. Μην τρίβετε την περιοχή που πάγωσε. |
| EN | Thaw frosted parts with lukewarm water. Do no rub affected area. |
| FR | Dégeler les parties gelées avec de l’eau tiède. Ne pas frotter les zones touchées. |
| GA | Leáigh codanna sioctha le huisce alabhog. Ná cuimil an réimse lena mbaineann. |
| IT | Sgelare le parti congelate usando acqua tiepida. Non sfregare la parte interessata. |
| LV | Atkausēt sasalušās daļas ar remdenu ūdeni. Skarto zonu neberzt. |
| LT | Prišalusias daleles atitirpinti drungnu vandeniu. Netrinti paveiktos zonos. |
| HU | A fagyott részeket langyos vízzel fel kell melegíteni. Tilos az érintett terület dörzsölése. |
| MT | Ħoll il-partijiet kiesħa bl-ilma fietel. Togħrokx il-parti affettwata. |
| NL | Bevroren lichaamsdelen met lauw water ontdooien. Niet wrijven op de betrokken plaatsen. |
| PL | Rozmrozić oszronione obszary letnią wodą. Nie trzeć oszronionego obszaru. |
| PT | Derreter as zonas congeladas com água morna. Não friccionar a zona afectada. |
| RO | Dezgheţaţi părţile degerate cu apă călduţă. Nu frecaţi zona afectată. |
| SK | Zmrznuté časti ošetrite vlažnou vodou. Postihnuté miesto netrite. |
| SL | Zamrznjene dele odtaliti z mlačno vodo. Ne drgniti prizadetega mesta. |
| FI | Sulata jäätyneet alueet haalealla vedellä. Vahingoittunutta aluetta ei saa hangata. |
| SV | Värm det köldskadade området med ljummet vatten. Gnid inte det skadade området. |
P337 | Language | |
| BG | При продължително дразнене на очите: |
| ES | Si persiste la irritación ocular: |
| CS | Přetrvává-li podráždění očí: |
| DA | Ved vedvarende øjenirritation: |
| DE | Bei anhaltender Augenreizung: |
| ET | Kui silmade ärritus ei möödu: |
| EL | Εάν δεν υποχωρεί ο οφθαλμικός ερεθισμός: |
| EN | If eye irritation persists: |
| FR | Si l’irritation oculaire persiste: |
| GA | Má mhaireann an greannú súile: |
| IT | Se l’irritazione degli occhi persiste: |
| LV | Ja acu iekaisums nepāriet: |
| LT | Jei akių dirginimas nepraeina: |
| HU | Ha a szemirritáció nem múlik el: |
| MT | Jekk l-irritazzjoni ta' l-għajnejn tibqa’: |
| NL | Bij aanhoudende oogirritatie: |
| PL | W przypadku utrzymywania się działania drażniącego na oczy: |
| PT | Caso a irritação ocular persista: |
| RO | Dacă iritarea ochilor persistă: |
| SK | Ak podráždenie očí pretrváva: |
| SL | Če draženje oči ne preneha: |
| FI | Jos silmä-ärsytys jatkuu: |
| SV | Vid bestående ögonirritation: |
P338 | Language | |
| BG | Свалете контактните лещи, ако има такива и доколкото това е възможно. Продължете с изплакването. |
| ES | Quitar las lentes de contacto, si lleva y resulta fácil. Seguir aclarando. |
| CS | Vyjměte kontaktní čočky, jsou-li nasazeny a pokud je lze vyjmout snadno. Pokračujte ve vyplachování. |
| DA | Fjern eventuelle kontaktlinser, hvis dette kan gøres let. Fortsæt skylning. |
| DE | Eventuell Vorhandene Kontaktlinsen nach Möglichkeit entfernen. Weiter ausspülen. |
| ET | Eemaldada kontaktläätsed, kui neid kasutatakse ja kui neid on kerge eemaldada. Loputada veel kord. |
| EL | Εάν υπάρχουν φακοί επαφής, αφαιρέστε τους, εφόσον είναι εύκολο. Συνεχίστε να ξεπλένετε. |
| EN | Remove contact lenses, if present and easy to do. Continue rinsing. |
| FR | Enlever les lentilles de contact si la victime en porte et si elles peuvent être facilement enlevées. Continuer à rincer. |
| GA | Tóg amach na tadhall-lionsaí, más ann dóibh agus más furasta é sin a dhéanamh. Lean den sruthlú. |
| IT | Togliere le eventuali lenti a contatto se è agevole farlo. Continuare a sciacquare. |
| LV | Izņemiet kontaktlēcas, ja tās ir ievietotas un to ir viegli izdarīt. Turpiniet skalot. |
| LT | Išimti kontaktinius lęšius, jeigu jie yra ir jeigu lengvai galima tai padaryti. Toliau plauti akis. |
| HU | Adott esetben kontaktlencsék eltávolítása, ha könnyen megoldható. Az öblítés folytatása. |
| MT | Neħħi l-lentijiet tal-kuntatt, jekk ikun hemm u jkunu faċli biex tneħħihom. Kompli laħlaħ. |
| NL | Contactlenzen verwijderen, indien mogelijk. Blijven spoelen. |
| PL | Wyjąć soczewki kontaktowe, jeżeli są i można je łatwo usunąć. Nadal płukać. |
| PT | Se usar lentes de contacto, retire-as, se tal lhe for possível. Continue a enxaguar. |
| RO | Scoateţi lentilele de contact, dacă este cazul şi dacă acest lucru se poate face cu uşurinţă. Continuaţi să clătiţi. |
| SK | Ak používate kontaktné šošovky a ak je to možné, odstráňte ich. Pokračujte vo vyplachovaní. |
| SL | Odstranite kontaktne leče, če jih imate in če to lahko storite brez težav. Nadaljujte z izpiranjem. |
| FI | Poista piilolinssit, jos sen voi tehdä helposti. Jatka huuhtomista. |
| SV | Ta ur eventuella kontaktlinser om det går lätt. Fortsätt att skölja. |
P340 | Language | |
| BG | Изведете пострадалия на чист въздух и го поставете в позиция, улесняваща дишането. |
| ES | Transportar a la víctima al exterior y mantenerla en reposo en una posición confortable para respirar. |
| CS | Přeneste postiženého na čerstvý vzduch a ponechte jej v klidu v poloze usnadňující dýchání. |
| DA | Flyt personen til et sted med frisk luft og sørg for, at vedkommende hviler i en stilling, som letter vejrtrækningen. |
| DE | Die betroffene Person an die frische Luft bringen und in einer Position ruhigstellen, die das Atmen erleichtert. |
| ET | Toimetada kannatanu värske õhu kätte ja asetada mugavasse puhkeasendisse, mis võimaldab kergesti hingata. |
| EL | Μεταφέρετε τον παθόντα στον καθαρό αέρα και αφήστε τον να ξεκουραστεί σε στάση που διευκολύνει την αναπνοή. |
| EN | Remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. |
| FR | Transporter la victime à l'extérieur et la maintenir au repos dans une position où elle peut confortablement respirer. |
| GA | Tabhair amach faoin aer an duine agus coimeád socair é, i riocht ina bhféadfaidh sé anáil a tharraingt go réidh. |
| IT | Trasportare l'infortunato all’aria aperta e mantenerlo a riposo in posizione che favorisca la respirazione. |
| LV | Izvest cietušo svaigā gaisā un turēt miera stāvoklī, lai būtu ērti elpot. |
| LT | Išnešti nukentėjusįjį į gryną orą; jam būtina ramybė ir padėtis, leidžianti laisvai kvėpuoti. |
| HU | Az érintett személyt friss levegőre kell vinni és olyan nyugalmi testhelyzetbe kell helyezni, hogy könnyen tudjon lélegezni. |
| MT | Esponi lill-vittma għall-arja friska u żommha mistrieħa f’pożizzjoni komda biex tkun tista’ tieħu n-nifs. |
| NL | Het slachtoffer in de frisse lucht brengen en laten rusten in een houding die het ademen vergemakkelijkt. |
| PL | Wyprowadzić lub wynieść poszkodowanego na świeże powietrze i zapewnić warunki do odpoczynku w pozycji umożliwiającej swobodne oddychanie. |
| PT | Retirar a vítima para uma zona ao ar livre e mantê-la em repouso numa posição que não dificulte a respiração. |
| RO | Transportaţi victima la aer liber şi menţineţi-o în stare de repaus într-o poziţie confortabilă pentru respiraţie. |
| SK | Presuňte postihnutého na čerstvý vzduch a nechajte ho oddychovať v polohe, ktorá mu umožní pohodlné dýchanie. |
| SL | Prenesti žrtev na svež zrak in jo pustiti počivati v položaju, ki olajša dihanje. |
| FI | Siirrä henkilö raittiiseen ilmaan ja pidä lepoasennossa, jossa on helppo hengittää. |
| SV | Flytta personen till frisk luft och se till att han eller hon vilar i en ställning som underlättar andningen |
P341 | Language | |
| BG | При затруднено дишане изведете пострадалия на чист въздух и го поставете в позиция, улесняваща дишането. |
| ES | Si respira con dificultad, transportar a la víctima al exterior y mantenerla en reposo en una posición confortable para respirar. |
| CS | Při obtížném dýchání přeneste postiženého na čerstvý vzduch a ponechte jej v klidu v poloze usnadňující dýchání. |
| DA | Ved vejrtrækningsbesvær: Flyt personen til et sted med frisk luft og sørg for, at vedkommende hviler i en stilling, som letter vejrtrækningen. |
| DE | Bei Atembeschwerden an die frische Luft bringen und in einer Position ruhigstellen, die das Atmen erleichtert. |
| ET | Hingamisraskuste korral toimetada kannatanu värske õhu kätte ja asetada mugavasse puhkeasendisse, mis võimaldab kergesti hingata. |
| EL | Εάν ο παθών έχει δύσπνοια, μεταφέρετέ τον στον καθαρό αέρα και αφήστε τον να ξεκουραστεί σε στάση που διευκολύνει την αναπνοή. |
| EN | If breathing is difficult, remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. |
| FR | S'il y a difficulté à respirer, transporter la victime à l'extérieur et la maintenir au repos dans une position où elle peut confortablement respirer. |
| GA | Más deacair don duine análú, tabhair amach faoin aer é agus coimeád socair é, i riocht ina bhféadfaidh sé anáil a tharraingt go réidh. |
| IT | Se la respirazione è difficile, trasportare l'infortunato all’aria aperta e mantenerlo a riposo in posizione che favorisca la respirazione. |
| LV | Ja elpošana ir apgrūtināta, izvest cietušo svaigā gaisā un turēt miera stāvoklī, lai būtu ērti elpot. |
| LT | Jeigu nukentėjusiajam sunku kvėpuoti, išnešti jį į gryną orą; jam būtina ramybė ir padėtis, leidžianti laisvai kvėpuoti. |
| HU | Légzési nehézségek esetén az érintett személyt friss levegőre kell vinni és olyan nyugalmi testhelyzetbe kell helyezni, hogy könnyen tudjon lélegezni. |
| MT | Jekk in-nifs ikun diffiċli, esponi lill-vittma għall-arja friska u żommha mistrieħa f’pożizzjoni komda biex tkun tista' tieħu n-nifs. |
| NL | Bij ademhalingsmoeilijkheden het slachtoffer in de frisse lucht brengen en laten rusten in een houding die het ademen vergemakkelijkt. |
| PL | W przypadku trudności z oddychaniem, wyprowadzić lub wynieść poszkodowanego na świeże powietrze i zapewnić warunki do odpoczynku w pozycji umożliwiającej swobodne oddychanie. |
| PT | Em caso de dificuldade respiratória, retirar a vítima para uma zona ao ar livre e mantê-la em repouso numa posição que não dificulte a respiração. |
| RO | Dacă respiraţia este dificilă, transportaţi victima la aer liber şi menţineţi-o în stare de repaus într-o poziţie confortabilă pentru respiraţie. |
| SK | Ak nastanú ťažkosti s dýchaním, presuňte postihnutého na čerstvý vzduch a nechajte ho oddychovať v polohe, ktorá mu umožní pohodlné dýchanie. |
| SL | Pri oteženem dihanju prenesti žrtev na svež zrak in jo pustiti počivati v položaju, ki olajša dihanje. |
| FI | Jos hengitysvaikeuksia, siirrä henkilö raittiiseen ilmaan ja pidä lepoasennossa, jossa on helppo hengittää. |
| SV | Vid andningsbesvär, flytta personen till frisk luft och se till att han eller hon vilar i en ställning som underlättar andningen. |
P342 | Language | |
| BG | При симптоми на затруднено дишане: |
| ES | En caso de síntomas respiratorios: |
| CS | Při dýchacích potížích: |
| DA | Ved luftvejssymptomer: |
| DE | Bei Symptomen der Atemwege: |
| ET | Hingamisteede probleemide ilmnemise korral: |
| EL | Εάν παρουσιάζονται αναπνευστικά συμπτώματα: |
| EN | If experiencing respiratory symptoms: |
| FR | En cas de symptômes respiratoires: |
| GA | I gcás siomptóm riospráide: |
| IT | In caso di sintomi respiratori: |
| LV | Ja rodas elpošanas traucējumu simptomi: |
| LT | Jeigu pasireiškia respiraciniai simptomai: |
| HU | Légzési problémák esetén: |
| MT | Jekk tkun qed tbati minn sintomi respiratorji: |
| NL | Bij ademhalingssymptomen: |
| PL | W przypadku wystąpienia objawów ze strony układu oddechowego: |
| PT | Em caso de sintomas respiratórios: |
| RO | În caz de simptome respiratorii: |
| SK | Pri sťaženom dýchaní: |
| SL | Pri respiratornih simptomih: |
| FI | Jos ilmenee hengitysoireita: |
| SV | Vid besvär i luftvägarna: |
P350 | Language | |
| BG | Измийте внимателно и обилно със сапун и вода. |
| ES | Lavar suavemente con agua y jabón abundantes. |
| CS | Jemně omyjte velkým množstvím vody a mýdla. |
| DA | Vask forsigtigt med rigeligt sæbe og vand. |
| DE | Behutsam mit viel Wasser und Seife waschen. |
| ET | Pesta õrnalt rohke vee ja seebiga. |
| EL | Πλύνετε απαλά με άφθονο νερό και σαπούνι. |
| EN | Gently wash with plenty of soap and water. |
| FR | Laver avec précaution et abondamment à l’eau et au savon. |
| GA | Nigh go bog le neart gallúnaí agus uisce. |
| IT | Lavare delicatamente e abbondantemente con acqua e sapone. |
| LV | Maigi izskalot ar lielu daudzumu ziepēm un ūdeni. |
| LT | Atsargiai nuplauti dideliu kiekiu muilo ir vandens. |
| HU | Óvatos lemosás bő szappanos vízzel. |
| MT | Aħsel bil-mod b’ħafna sapun u ilma. |
| NL | Voorzichtig wassen met veel water en zeep. |
| PL | Delikatnie umyć dużą ilością wody z mydłem. |
| PT | Lavar suavemente com sabonete e água abundantes. |
| RO | Spălaţi uşor cu multă apă și săpun. |
| SK | Opatrne umyte veľkým množstvom vody a mydla. |
| SL | Nežno umiti z veliko mila in vode. |
| FI | Pese varovasti runsaalla vedellä ja saippualla. |
| SV | Tvätta försiktigt med mycket tvål och vatten. |
P351 | Language | |
| BG | Промивайте внимателно с вода в продължение на няколко минути. |
| ES | Aclarar cuidadosamente con agua durante varios minutos. |
| CS | Několik minut opatrně oplachujte vodou. |
| DA | Skyl forsigtigt med vand i flere minutter. |
| DE | Einige Minuten lang behutsam mit Wasser ausspülen. |
| ET | Loputada mitme minuti jooksul ettevaatlikult veega. |
| EL | Ξεπλύνετε προσεκτικά με νερό για αρκετά λεπτά. |
| EN | Rinse cautiously with water for several minutes. |
| FR | Rincer avec précaution à l’eau pendant plusieurs minutes. |
| GA | Sruthlaítear go faichilleach le huisce ar feadh roinnt nóiméad. |
| IT | Sciacquare accuratamente per parecchi minuti. |
| LV | Uzmanīgi skalot ar ūdeni vairākas minūtes. |
| LT | Atsargiai plauti vandeniu kelias minutes. |
| HU | Óvatos öblítés vízzel több percen keresztül. |
| MT | Laħlaħ b'attenzjoni bl-ilma għal diversi minuti. |
| NL | Voorzichtig afspoelen met water gedurende een aantal minuten. |
| PL | Ostrożnie płukać wodą przez kilka minut. |
| PT | Enxaguar cuidadosamente com água durante vários minutos. |
| RO | Clătiţi cu atenţie cu apă, timp de mai multe minute. |
| SK | Opatrne niekoľko minút oplachujte vodou. |
| SL | Previdno izpirati z vodo nekaj minut. |
| FI | Huuhdo huolellisesti vedellä usean minuutin ajan. |
| SV | Skölj försiktigt med vatten i flera minuter. |
P352 | Language | |
| BG | Измийте обилно със сапун и вода. |
| ES | Lavar con agua y jabón abundantes. |
| CS | Omyjte velkým množstvím vody a mýdla. |
| DA | Vask med rigeligt sæbe og vand. |
| DE | Mit viel Wasser und Seife waschen. |
| ET | Pesta rohke vee ja seebiga. |
| EL | Πλύνετε με άφθονο σαπούνι και νερό. |
| EN | Wash with plenty of soap and water. |
| FR | Laver abondamment à l’eau et au savon. |
| GA | Nigh le neart gallúnaí agus uisce. |
| IT | Lavare abbondantemente con acqua e sapone. |
| LV | Mazgāt ar lielu daudzmu ziepēm un ūdeni. |
| LT | Plauti dideliu kiekiu muilo ir vandens. |
| HU | Lemosás bő szappanos vízzel. |
| MT | Aħsel b’ħafna sapun u ilma. |
| NL | Met veel water en zeep wassen. |
| PL | Umyć dużą ilością wody z mydłem. |
| PT | Lavar com sabonete e água abundantes. |
| RO | Spălaţi cu multă apă și săpun. |
| SK | Umyte veľkým množstvom vody a mydla. |
| SL | Umiti z veliko mila in vode. |
| FI | Pese runsaalla vedellä ja saippualla. |
| SV | Tvätta med mycket tvål och vatten. |
P353 | Language | |
| BG | Облейте кожата с вода/вземете душ. |
| ES | Aclararse la piel con agua/ducharse. |
| CS | Opláchněte kůži vodou/osprchujte. |
| DA | Skyl/brus huden med vand. |
| DE | Haut mit Wasser abwaschen/duschen. |
| ET | Loputada nahka veega/loputada duši all. |
| EL | Ξεπλύνετε την επιδερμίδα με νερό/στο ντους. |
| EN | Rinse skin with water/shower. |
| FR | Rincer la peau à l’eau/se doucher. |
| GA | Sruthlaítear an craiceann le huisce/glac cithfholcadh. |
| IT | Sciacquare la pelle/fare una doccia. |
| LV | Noskalot ādu ar ūdeni/dušā. |
| LT | Odą nuplauti vandeniu/čiurkšle. |
| HU | A bőrt le kell öblíteni vízzel/zuhanyozás. |
| MT | Laħlaħ il-ġilda bl-ilma/bix-xawer. |
| NL | Huid met water afspoelen/afdouchen. |
| PL | Spłukać skórę pod strumieniem wody/prysznicem. |
| PT | Enxaguar a pele com água/tomar um duche. |
| RO | Clătiţi pielea cu apă/faceţi duş. |
| SK | Pokožku opláchnite vodou/sprchou. |
| SL | Kožo izprati z vodo/prho. |
| FI | Huuhdo/suihkuta iho vedellä. |
| SV | Skölj huden med vatten/duscha. |
P360 | Language | |
| BG | Незабавно облейте замърсеното облекло и кожата обилно с вода, преди да свалите дрехите. |
| ES | Aclarar inmediatamente con agua abundante las prendas y la piel contaminadas antes de quitarse la ropa. |
| CS | Kontaminovaný oděv a kůži okamžitě omyjte velkým množstvím vody a potom oděv odložte. |
| DA | Skyl omgående tilsmudset tøj og hud med rigeligt vand, før tøjet fjernes. |
| DE | Kontaminierte Kleidung und Haut sofort mit viel Wasser abwaschen und danach Kleidung ausziehen. |
| ET | Saastunud rõivad ja nahk loputada viivitamata rohke veega ning alles seejärel rõivad eemaldada. |
| EL | Ξεπλύνετε αμέσως τα μολυσμένα ρούχα και την επιδερμίδα με άφθονο νερό πριν αφαιρέσετε τα ρούχα. |
| EN | Rinse immediately contaminated clothing and skin with plenty of water before removing clothes. |
| FR | Rincer immédiatement et abondamment avec de l’eau les vêtements contaminés et la peau avant de les enlever. |
| GA | Sruthlaítear éadaí éillithe agus an craiceann láithreach le neart uisce sula mbaineann an duine na héadaí de. |
| IT | Sciacquare immediatamente e abbondantemente gli indumenti contaminati e la pelle prima di togliersi gli indumenti. |
| LV | Nekavējoties noskalot piesārņoto apģērbu un skarto ādu ar lielu daudzumu ūdens pirms apģērba novilkšanas. |
| LT | Prieš nuvelkant užterštus drabužius, nedelsiant juos ir odą nuplauti dideliu kiekiu vandens. |
| HU | A ruhák levetése előtt a szennyezett ruházatot és a bőrt bő vízzel azonnal le kell öblíteni. |
| MT | Laħlaħ mall-ewwel l-ilbies ikkontaminat u l-ġilda b’ħafna ilma qabel ma tneħħi l-ilbies. |
| NL | Verontreinigde kleding en huid onmiddellijk met veel water afspoelen en pas daarna kleding uittrekken. |
| PL | Natychmiast spłukać zanieczyszczoną odzież i skórę dużą ilością wody przed zdjęciem odzieży. |
| PT | Enxaguar imediatamente com muita água a roupa e a pele contaminadas antes de se despir. |
| RO | Clătiţi imediat îmbrăcămintea contaminată şi pielea cu multă apă, înainte de scoaterea îmbrăcămintei. |
| SK | Kontaminovaný odev a pokožku ihneď opláchnite veľkým množstvom vody a potom odev odstráňte. |
| SL | Takoj izprati kontaminirana oblačila in kožo z veliko vode pred odstranitvijo oblačil. |
| FI | Huuhdo saastunut vaatetus ja iho välittömästi runsaalla vedellä ennen vaatetuksen riisumista. |
| SV | Skölj genast nedstänkta kläder och hud med mycket vatten innan du tar av dig kläderna. |
P361 | Language | |
| BG | Незабавно свалете цялото замърсено облекло. |
| ES | Quitarse inmediatamente las prendas contaminadas. |
| CS | Veškeré kontaminované části oděvu okamžitě svlékněte. |
| DA | Tilsmudset tøj tages straks af/fjernes. |
| DE | Alle kontaminierten Kleidungsstücke sofort ausziehen. |
| ET | Kõik saastunud rõivad viivitamata seljast võtta. |
| EL | Αφαιρέστε/Βγάλτε αμέσως όλα τα μολυσμένα ρούχα. |
| EN | Remove/Take off immediately all contaminated clothing. |
| FR | Enlever immédiatement les vêtements contaminés. |
| GA | Bain díot láithreach na héadaí éillithe go léir. |
| IT | Togliersi di dosso immediatamente tutti gli indumenti contaminati. |
| LV | Noņemt/Novilkt nekavējoties visu piesārņoto apģērbu. |
| LT | Nedelsiant nuvilkti/pašalinti visus užterštus drabužius. |
| HU | Az összes szennyezett ruhadarabot azonnal el kell távolítani/le kell vetni. |
| MT | Neħħi/Inża’ mall-ewwel l-ilbies ikkontaminat. |
| NL | Verontreinigde kleding onmiddellijk uittrekken. |
| PL | Natychmiast usunąć/zdjąć całą zanieczyszczoną odzież. |
| PT | Despir/retirar imediatamente toda a roupa contaminada. |
| RO | Scoateţi imediat toată îmbrăcămintea contaminată. |
| SK | Ihneď odstráňte/vyzlečte všetky kontaminované časti odevu. |
| SL | Takoj odstraniti/sleči vsa kontaminirana oblačila. |
| FI | Riisu saastunut vaatetus välittömästi. |
| SV | Ta omedelbart av alla nedstänkta kläder. |
P362 | Language | |
| BG | Свалете замърсеното облекло и го изперете преди повторна употреба. |
| ES | Quitarse las prendas contaminadas y lavarlas antes de volver a usarlas. |
| CS | Kontaminovaný oděv svlékněte a před opětovným použitím ho vyperte. |
| DA | Forurenet tøj tages af og vaskes, før det bruges igen. |
| DE | Kontaminierte Kleidung ausziehen und vor erneutem Tragen waschen. |
| ET | Võtta saastunud rõivad seljast ja pesta neid enne järgmist kasutamist. |
| EL | Βγάλτε τα μολυσμένα ρούχα και πλύνετέ τα πριν τα ξαναχρησιμοποιήσετε. |
| EN | Take off contaminated clothing and wash before reuse. |
| FR | Enlever les vêtements contaminés et les laver avant réutilisation |
| GA | Bain díot láithreach na héadaí éillithe go léir agus nigh iad sula ndéanfar iad a athúsáid. |
| IT | Togliersi di dosso gli indumenti contaminati e lavarli prima di indossarli nuovamente. |
| LV | Novilkt piesārņoto apģērbu un pirms atkārtotas lietošanas izmazgāt. |
| LT | Nusivilkti užterštus drabužius ir išskalbti prieš vėl juos apsivelkant. |
| HU | A szennyezett ruhát le kell vetni és az újbóli használat előtt ki kell mosni. |
| MT | Inża' l-ħwejjeġ kontaminati u aħsilhom qabel ma terġa' tużahom. |
| NL | Verontreinigde kleding uittrekken en wassen alvorens deze opnieuw te gebruiken. |
| PL | Zanieczyszczoną odzież zdjąć i wyprać przed ponownym użyciem. |
| PT | Retirar a roupa contaminada e lavá-la antes de a voltar a usar. |
| RO | Scoateţi îmbrăcămintea contaminată şi spălaţi-o înainte de reutilizare. |
| SK | Kontaminovaný odev vyzlečte a pred ďalším použitím vyperte. |
| SL | Sleči kontaminirana oblačila in jih oprati pred ponovno uporabo. |
| FI | Riisu ja pese saastunut vaatetus ennen uudelleenkäyttöä. |
| SV | Nedstänkta kläder tas av och tvättas innan de används igen. |
P363 | Language | |
| BG | Изперете замърсеното облекло преди повторна употреба. |
| ES | Lavar las prendas contaminadas antes de volver a usarlas. |
| CS | Kontaminovaný oděv před opětovným použitím vyperte. |
| DA | Tilsmudset tøj skal vaskes, før det kan anvendes igen. |
| DE | Kontaminierte Kleidung vor erneutem Tragen waschen. |
| ET | Saastunud rõivad enne järgmist kasutamist pesta. |
| EL | Πλύνετε τα μολυσμένα ενδύματα πριν τα ξαναχρησιμοποιήσετε. |
| EN | Wash contaminated clothing before reuse. |
| FR | Laver les vêtements contaminés avant réutilisation. |
| GA | Nigh éadaí éillithe sula ndéanfar iad a athúsáid. |
| IT | Lavare gli indumenti contaminati prima di indossarli nuovamente. |
| LV | Pirms atkārtotas lietošanas piesārņoto apģērbu izmazgāt. |
| LT | Užterštus drabužius išskalbti prieš vėl juos apsivelkant. |
| HU | A szennyezett ruhát újbóli használat előtt ki kell mosni. |
| MT | Aħsel il-ħwejjeġ kontaminati qabel terġa’ tużahom. |
| NL | Verontreinigde kleding wassen alvorens deze opnieuw te gebruiken. |
| PL | Wyprać zanieczyszczoną odzież przed ponownym użyciem. |
| PT | Lavar a roupa contaminada antes de a voltar a usar. |
| RO | Spălaţi îmbracămintea contaminată, înainte de reutilizare. |
| SK | Kontaminovaný odev pred ďalším použitím vyperte. |
| SL | Kontaminirana oblačila oprati pred ponovno uporabo. |
| FI | Pese saastunut vaatetus ennen uudelleenkäyttöä. |
| SV | Nedstänkta kläder ska tvättas innan de används igen. |
P370 | Language | |
| BG | При пожар: |
| ES | En caso de incendio: |
| CS | V případě požáru: |
| DA | Ved brand: |
| DE | Bei Brand: |
| ET | Tulekahju korral: |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση πυρκαγιάς: |
| EN | In case of fire: |
| FR | En cas d’incendie: |
| GA | I gcás dóiteáin: |
| IT | In caso di incendio: |
| LV | Ugunsgrēka gadījumā: |
| LT | Gaisro atveju: |
| HU | Tűz esetén: |
| MT | F’każ ta' nar: |
| NL | In geval van brand: |
| PL | W przypadku pożaru: |
| PT | Em caso de incêndio: |
| RO | În caz de incendiu: |
| SK | V prípade požiaru: |
| SL | Ob požaru: |
| FI | Tulipalon sattuessa: |
| SV | Vid brand: |
P371 | Language | |
| BG | При голям пожар и значителни количества: |
| ES | En caso de incendio importante y en grandes cantidades: |
| CS | V případě velkého požáru a velkého množství: |
| DA | Ved større brand og store mængder: |
| DE | Bei Großbrand und großen Mengen: |
| ET | Suure tulekahju korral ning kui on tegemist suurte kogustega: |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση σοβαρής πυρκαγιάς και εάν πρόκειται για μεγάλες ποσότητες: |
| EN | In case of major fire and large quantities: |
| FR | En cas d’incendie important et s’il s’agit de grandes quantités: |
| GA | I gcás mórdhóiteáin agus má tá cainníochtaí móra i gceist: |
| IT | In caso di incendio grave e di quantità rilevanti: |
| LV | Ugunsgrēka un lielu apjomu gadījumā: |
| LT | Didelio gaisro ir didelių kiekių atveju: |
| HU | Nagyobb tűz és nagy mennyiség esetén: |
| MT | F’każ ta' nar kbir u kwantitajiet kbar: |
| NL | In geval van grote brand en grote hoeveelheden: |
| PL | W przypadku poważnego pożaru i dużych ilości: |
| PT | Em caso de incêndio importante e de grandes quantidades: |
| RO | În caz de incendiu de proporţii şi de cantităţi mari de produs: |
| SK | V prípade veľkého požiaru a veľkého množstva: |
| SL | Ob velikem požaru in velikih količinah: |
| FI | Jos tulipalo ja ainemäärät ovat suuret: |
| SV | Vid större brand och stora mängder: |
P372 | Language | |
| BG | Опасност от експлозия при пожар. |
| ES | Riesgo de explosión en caso de incendio. |
| CS | Nebezpečí výbuchu v případě požáru. |
| DA | Eksplosionsfare ved brand. |
| DE | Explosionsgefahr bei Brand. |
| ET | Tulekahju korral plahvatusoht. |
| EL | Κίνδυνος έκρηξης σε περίπτωση πυρκαγιάς. |
| EN | Explosion risk in case of fire. |
| FR | Risque d’explosion en cas d’incendie. |
| GA | Baol pléasctha i gcás dóiteáin. |
| IT | Rischio di esplosione in caso di incendio. |
| LV | Eksplozijas risks ugunsgrēka gadījumā: |
| LT | Sprogimo pavojus gaisro atveju. |
| HU | Tűz esetén robbanásveszély. |
| MT | Riskju ta' splużjoni f’każ ta' nar. |
| NL | Ontploffingsgevaar in geval van brand. |
| PL | Ryzyko wybuchu w razie pożaru. |
| PT | Risco de explosão em caso de incêndio. |
| RO | Risc de explozie în caz de incendiu. |
| SK | V prípade požiaru hrozí riziko výbuchu. |
| SL | Nevarnost eksplozije ob požaru. |
| FI | Tulipalon sattuessa räjähdysvaara. |
| SV | Explosionsrisk vid brand. |
P373 | Language | |
| BG | НЕ се опитвайте да гасите пожара, ако огънят наближи експлозиви. |
| ES | NO luchar contra el incendio cuando el fuego llega a los explosivos. |
| CS | Požár NEHASTE, dostane-li se k výbušninám. |
| DA | BEKÆMP IKKE branden, hvis denne når eksplosiverne. |
| DE | KEINE Brandbekämpfung, wenn das Feuer explosive Stoffe/Gemische/Erzeugnisse erreicht. |
| ET | Kui tuli jõuab lõhkeaineteni, MITTE teha kustutustöid. |
| EL | ΜΗΝ προσπαθείτε να σβήσετε την πυρκαγιά, όταν η φωτιά πλησιάζει σε εκρηκτικά. |
| EN | DO NOT fight fire when fire reaches explosives. |
| FR | NE PAS combattre l’incendie lorsque le feu atteint les explosifs. |
| GA | NÁ DÉAN an dóiteán a chomhrac má shroicheann sé pléascáin. |
| IT | NON utilizzare mezzi estinguenti se l’incendio raggiunge materiali esplosivi. |
| LV | NECENSTIES dzēst ugunsgrēku, ja uguns piekļūst sprādzienbīstamām vielām. |
| LT | NEGESINTI gaisro, jeigu ugnis pasiekia sprogmenis. |
| HU | TILOS a tűz oltása, ha az robbanóanyagra átterjedt. |
| MT | TIPPRUVAX TITFI n-nar meta n-nar jilħaq l-isplussivi. |
| NL | NIET blussen wanneer het vuur de ontplofbare stoffen bereikt. |
| PL | NIE gasić pożaru, jeżeli ogień dosięgnie materiały wybuchowe |
| PT | Se o fogo atingir os explosivos, NÃO tentar combatê-lo. |
| RO | NU încercaţi să stingeţi incendiul atunci când focul a ajuns la explozivi. |
| SK | Požiar NEHASTE, ak sa oheň priblížil k výbušninám. |
| SL | NE gasiti, ko ogenj doseže eksploziv. |
| FI | Tulta EI SAA yrittää sammuttaa sen saavutettua räjähteet. |
| SV | Försök INTE bekämpa branden när den når explosiva varor. |
P374 | Language | |
| BG | Гасете пожара с обичайните предпазни мерки от разумно разстояние. |
| ES | Luchar contra el incendio desde una distancia razonable, tomando las precauciones habituales. |
| CS | Haste z přiměřené vzdálenosti a dodržujte běžná opatření. |
| DA | Træf normale foranstaltninger mod brand og bekæmp den på en fornuftig afstand. |
| DE | Brandbekämpfung mit üblichen Vorsichtsmaßnahmen aus angemessener Entfernung. |
| ET | Kustutustöid teha tavaliste ettevaatusabinõudega ja mõistlikust kaugusest. |
| EL | Προσπαθήστε να σβήσετε την πυρκαγιά λαμβάνοντας τις κατάλληλες προφυλάξεις και από εύλογη απόσταση. |
| EN | Fight fire with normal precautions from a reasonable distance. |
| FR | Combattre l’incendie à distance en prenant les précautions normales. |
| GA | Déan na gnáth-réamhchúraimí chun an dóiteán a chomhrac gan a bheith níos gaire dó ná mar atá réasúnta. |
| IT | Utilizzare i mezzi estinguenti con le precauzioni abituali a distanza ragionevole. |
| LV | Dzēst ugunsgrēku, ņemot vērā parastos drošības nosacījumus un no saprātīga attāluma. |
| LT | Gaisrą gesinti laikantis įprastinio atsargumo pakankamu atstumu. |
| HU | Tűzoltás megfelelő távolságból a szokásos óvintézkedések betartásával. |
| MT | Itfi n-nar bil-prekawzjonijiet normali minn distanza raġonevoli. |
| NL | Met normale voorzorgen vanaf een redelijke afstand blussen. |
| PL | Gasić pożar z rozsądnej odległości z zachowaniem zwykłych środków ostrożności. |
| PT | Combater o incêndio tomando as precauções normais e a partir de uma distância razoável. |
| RO | Stingeţi incendiul de la o distanţă rezonabilă, luând măsuri normale de precauţie. |
| SK | Požiar haste z primeranej vzdialenosti pri dodržiavaní bežných bezpečnostných opatrení. |
| SL | Gasiti z običajno previdnostjo in s primerne razdalje. |
| FI | Sammuta palo kohtuullisen välimatkan päästä tavanomaisin varotoimin. |
| SV | Bekämpa branden på vanligt sätt på behörigt avstånd. |
P375 | Language | |
| BG | Гасете пожара от разстояние поради опасност от експлозия. |
| ES | Luchar contra el incendio a distancia, dado el riesgo de explosión. |
| CS | Kvůli nebezpečí výbuchu haste z dostatečné vzdálenosti. |
| DA | Bekæmp branden på afstand på grund af eksplosionsfare. |
| DE | Wegen Explosionsgefahr Brand aus der Entfernung bekämpfen. |
| ET | Plahvatusohu tõttu teha kustutustöid eemalt. |
| EL | Προσπαθήστε να σβήσετε την πυρκαγιά από απόσταση, επειδή υπάρχει κίνδυνος έκρηξης. |
| EN | Fight fire remotely due to the risk of explosion. |
| FR | Combattre l’incendie à distance à cause du risque d’explosion. |
| GA | Téigh i gcianghleic leis an dóiteán mar gheall ar an mbaol pléasctha. |
| IT | Rischio di esplosione. Utilizzare i mezzi estinguenti a grande distanza. |
| LV | Dzēst ugunsgrēku no attāluma eksplozijas riska dēļ. |
| LT | Gaisrą gesinti iš toli dėl sprogimo pavojaus. |
| HU | A tűz oltását robbanásveszély miatt távolból kell végezni. |
| MT | Itfi n-nar mill-bogħod minħabba r-riskju ta' splużjoni. |
| NL | Op afstand blussen omwille van ontploffingsgevaar. |
| PL | Z powodu ryzyka wybuchu gasić pożar z odległości. |
| PT | Combater o incêndio à distância, devido ao risco de explosão. |
| RO | Stingeţi incendiul de la distanţă din cauza pericolului de explozie. |
| SK | Z dôvodu nebezpečenstva výbuchu požiar haste z diaľky. |
| SL | Gasiti z večje razdalje zaradi nevarnosti eksplozije. |
| FI | Sammuta palo etäältä räjähdysvaaran takia. |
| SV | Bekämpa branden på avstånd på grund av explosionsrisken. |
P376 | Language | |
| BG | Спрете теча, ако е безопасно. |
| ES | Detener la fuga, si no hay peligro en hacerlo. |
| CS | Zastavte únik, můžete-li tak učinit bez rizika. |
| DA | Stands lækagen, hvis dette er sikkert. |
| DE | Undichtigkeit beseitigen, wenn gefahrlos möglich. |
| ET | Leke peatada, kui seda on võimalik teha ohutult. |
| EL | Σταματήστε τη διαρροή, εφόσον δεν υπάρχει κίνδυνος. |
| EN | Stop leak if safe to do so. |
| FR | Obturer la fuite si cela peut se faire sans danger. |
| GA | Cuir stop leis an sceitheadh má tá sé sábháilte é sin a dhéanamh. |
| IT | Bloccare la perdita se non c’è pericolo. |
| LV | Apstādināt noplūdi, ja to var izdarīt drošā veidā. |
| LT | Sustabdyti nuotėkį, jeigu galima saugiai tai padaryti. |
| HU | Meg kell szüntetni a szivárgást, ha ez biztonságosan megtehető. |
| MT | Waqqaf it-tnixxija jekk ma jkunx hemm periklu. |
| NL | Het lek dichten als dat veilig gedaan kan worden. |
| PL | Jeżeli jest to bezpieczne zahamować wyciek. |
| PT | Deter a fuga se tal puder ser feito em segurança. |
| RO | Opriţi scurgerea, dacă acest lucru se poate face în siguranţă. |
| SK | Zastavte únik, ak je to bezpečné. |
| SL | Zaustaviti puščanje, če je varno. |
| FI | Sulje vuoto, jos sen voi tehdä turvallisesti. |
| SV | Stoppa läckan om det kan göras på ett säkert sätt. |
P377 | Language | |
| BG | Пожар от изтекъл газ: Не гасете освен при възможност за безопасно отстраняване на теча. |
| ES | Fuga de gas en llamas: No apagar, salvo si la fuga puede detenerse sin peligro. |
| CS | Požár unikajícího plynu: Nehaste, nelze-li únik bezpečně zastavit. |
| DA | Brand fra udsivende gas: Sluk ikke, medmindre det er sikkert at stoppe lækagen. |
| DE | Brand von ausströmendem Gas: Nicht löschen, bis Undichtigkeit gefahrlos beseitigt werden kann. |
| ET | Lekkiva gaasi põlemise korral mitte kustutada, välja arvatud juhul, kui leket on võimalik ohutult peatada. |
| EL | Διαρροή φλεγόμενου αερίου: Μην την σβήσετε, εκτός εάν μπορείτε να σταματήσετε τη διαρροή χωρίς κίνδυνο. |
| EN | Leaking gas fire: Do not extinguish, unless leak can be stopped safely. |
| FR | Fuite de gaz enflammé: Ne pas éteindre si la fuite ne peut pas être arrêtée sans danger. |
| GA | Tine gháis ag sceitheadh: Ná múch, mura i ndán agus gur féidir stop a chur leis an sceitheadh go sábháilte. |
| IT | In caso d’incendio dovuto a perdita di gas, non estinguere a meno che non sia possibile bloccare la perdita senza pericolo. |
| LV | Degšanas gāzes noplūde: Nedzēst, ja vien noplūdi var apstādināt drošā veidā. |
| LT | Dujų nuotėkio sukeltas gaisras: Negesinti, nebent nuotėkį būtų galima saugiai sustabdyti. |
| HU | Égő szivárgó gáz: Csak akkor szabad a tüzet oltani, ha a szivárgás biztonságosan megszüntethető. |
| MT | Tnixxija ta' gass tan-nar: Tippruvax titfiha, sakemm it-tnixxija ma tkunx tista' titwaqqaf bla periklu. |
| NL | Brand door lekkend gas: niet blussen, tenzij het lek veilig gedicht kan worden. |
| PL | W przypadku płonięcia wyciekającego gazu: Nie gasić, jeżeli nie można bezpiecznie zahamować wycieku. |
| PT | Incêndio por fuga de gás: não apagar, a menos que se possa deter a fuga em segurança. |
| RO | Incendiu cauzat de o scurgere de gaz: nu încercaţi să stingeţi, decât dacă scurgerea poate fi oprită în siguranţă. |
| SK | Požiar unikajúceho plynu: Nehaste, pokiaľ únik nemožno bezpečne zastaviť. |
| SL | Požar zaradi uhajanja plina: Ne gasiti, če puščanja ni mogoče varno zaustaviti. |
| FI | Vuotavasta kaasusta johtuva palo: Ei saa sammuttaa, jollei vuotoa voida pysäyttää turvallisesti. |
| SV | Läckande gas som brinner: Försök inte släcka branden om inte läckan kan stoppas på ett säkert sätt. |
P378 | Language | |
| BG | Използвайте … за гасене. |
| ES | Utilizar … para apagarlo. |
| CS | K hašení použijte … |
| DA | Anvend … til brandslukning. |
| DE | … zum Löschen verwenden. |
| ET | Kustutamiseks kasutada … |
| EL | Χρησιμοποιήστε … για την κατάσβεση. |
| EN | Use … for extinction. |
| FR | Utiliser … pour l’extinction. |
| GA | Úsáid … le haghaidh múchta. |
| IT | Estinguere con… |
| LV | Nodzēšanai izmantot… |
| LT | Gesinimui naudoti … |
| HU | Az oltáshoz … használandó. |
| MT | Uża’ … biex titfi. |
| NL | Blussen met … |
| PL | Użyć … do gaszenia. |
| PT | Para a extinção utilizar … |
| RO | Utilizați… pentru stingere. |
| SK | Na hasenie použite … |
| SL | Za gašenje uporabiti … |
| FI | Käytä palon sammuttamiseen … |
| SV | Släck branden med … |
P380 | Language | |
| BG | Евакуирайте зоната. |
| ES | Evacuar la zona. |
| CS | Vykliďte _roctor. |
| DA | Evakuer området. |
| DE | Umgebung räumen. |
| ET | Ala evakueerida. |
| EL | Εκκενώστε την περιοχή. |
| EN | Evacuate area. |
| FR | Évacuer la zone. |
| GA | Aslonnaigh gach duine as an limistéar. |
| IT | Evacuare la zona. |
| LV | Evakuēt zonu. |
| LT | Evakuoti zoną. |
| HU | A területet ki kell üríteni. |
| MT | Evakwa ż-żona. |
| NL | Evacueren. |
| PL | Ewakuować teren. |
| PT | Evacuar a zona. |
| RO | Evacuaţi zona. |
| SK | Priestory evakuujte. |
| SL | Izprazniti območje. |
| FI | Evakuoi alue. |
| SV | Utrym området. |
P381 | Language | |
| BG | Премахнете всички източници на запалване, ако е безопасно. |
| ES | Eliminar todas las fuentes de ignición si no hay peligro en hacerlo. |
| CS | Odstraňte všechny zdroje zapálení, můžete-li tak učinit bez rizika. |
| DA | Fjern alle antændelseskilder, hvis dette kan gøres sikkert. |
| DE | Alle Zündquellen entfernen, wenn gefahrlos möglich. |
| ET | Eemaldada kõik süüteallikad, kui seda on võimalik teha ohutult. |
| EL | Απομακρύνετε τις πηγές ανάφλεξης, εάν αυτό μπορεί να γίνει χωρίς κίνδυνο. |
| EN | Eliminate all ignition sources if safe to do so. |
| FR | Éliminer toutes les sources d’ignition si cela est faisable sans danger. |
| GA | Díothaigh gach foinse adhainte, má tá sé sábháilte é sin a dhéanamh. |
| IT | Eliminare ogni fonte di accensione se non c’è pericolo. |
| LV | Novērst visus uzliesmošanas avotus, ja to var izdarīt droši. |
| LT | Pašalinti visus uždegimo šaltinius, jeigu galima saugiai tai padaryti. |
| HU | Meg kell szüntetni az összes gyújtóforrást, ha ez biztonságosan megtehető. |
| MT | Elimina s-sorsi kollha li jqabbdu sakemm ma jkunx perikoluż li tagħmel dan. |
| NL | Alle ontstekingsbronnen wegnemen als dat veilig gedaan kan worden. |
| PL | Wyeliminować wszystkie źródła zapłonu, jeżeli jest to bezpieczne. |
| PT | Eliminar todas as fontes de ignição se tal puder ser feito em segurança. |
| RO | Eliminaţi toate sursele de aprindere, dacă acest lucru se poate face în siguranţă. |
| SK | Ak je to bezpečné, odstráňte všetky zdroje zapálenia. |
| SL | Odstraniti vse vire vžiga, če je varno. |
| FI | Poista kaikki sytytyslähteet, jos sen voi tehdä turvallisesti. |
| SV | Avlägsna alla antändningskällor om det kan göras på ett säkert sätt. |
P390 | Language | |
| BG | Попийте разлятото, за да се предотвратят материални вреди. |
| ES | Absorber el vertido para que no dañe otros materiales. |
| CS | Uniklý produkt absorbujte, aby se zabránilo materiálním škodám. |
| DA | Absorber udslip for at undgå materielskade. |
| DE | Verschüttete Mengen aufnehmen, um Materialschäden zu vermeiden. |
| ET | Mahavoolanud toode absorbeerida, et see ei kahjustaks teisi materjale. |
| EL | Σκουπίστε τη χυμένη ποσότητα για να προλάβετε υλικές ζημιές. |
| EN | Absorb spillage to prevent material damage. |
| FR | Absorber toute substance répandue pour éviter qu’elle attaque les matériaux environnants. |
| GA | Ionsúigh doirteadh chun damáiste d’ábhar a chosc. |
| IT | Assorbire la fuoriuscita per evitare danni materiali. |
| LV | Uzsūkt izšļakstījumus, lai novērstu materiālus zaudējumus. |
| LT | Absorbuoti išsiliejusią medžiagą, siekiant išvengti materialinės žalos. |
| HU | A kiömlött anyagot fel kell itatni a körülvevő anyagok károsodásának megelőzése érdekében. |
| MT | Assorbi t-tixrid biex tipprevjeni ħsara fil-materjal. |
| NL | Gelekte/gemorste stof opnemen om materiële schade te vermijden. |
| PL | Usunąć wyciek, aby zapobiec szkodom materialnym. |
| PT | Absorver o produto derramado a fim de evitar danos materiais. |
| RO | Absorbiţi scurgerile de produs, pentru a nu afecta materialele din apropiere. |
| SK | Absorbujte uniknutý produkt, aby sa zabránilo materiálnym škodám. |
| SL | Odpraviti razlitje, da se prepreči materialna škoda. |
| FI | Imeytä valumat vahinkojen estämiseksi. |
| SV | Sug upp spill för att undvika materiella skador. |
P391 | Language | |
| BG | Съберете разлятото. |
| ES | Recoger el vertido. |
| CS | Uniklý produkt seberte. |
| DA | Udslip opsamles. |
| DE | Verschüttete Mengen aufnehmen. |
| ET | Mahavoolanud toode kokku koguda. |
| EL | Μαζέψτε τη χυμένη ποσότητα. |
| EN | Collect spillage. |
| FR | Recueillir le produit répandu. |
| GA | Bailigh doirteadh. |
| IT | Raccogliere il materiale fuoriuscito. |
| LV | Savākt izšļakstīto šķidrumu. |
| LT | Surinkti ištekėjusią medžiagą. |
| HU | A kiömlött anyagot össze kell gyűjteni. |
| MT | Iġbor it-tixrid. |
| NL | Gelekte/gemorste stof opruimen. |
| PL | Zebrać wyciek. |
| PT | Recolher o produto derramado. |
| RO | Colectaţi scurgerile de produs. |
| SK | Zozbierajte uniknutý produkt. |
| SL | Prestreči razlito tekočino. |
| FI | Valumat on kerättävä. |
| SV | Samla upp spill. |
P301 + P310 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ПОГЛЪЩАНЕ: Незабавно се обадете в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОКСИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар. |
| ES | EN CASO DE INGESTIÓN: Llamar inmediatamente a un CENTRO DE INFORMACIÓN TOXICOLÓGICA o a un médico. |
| CS | PŘI POŽITÍ: Okamžitě volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | I TILFÆLDE AF INDTAGELSE: Ring omgående til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | BEI VERSCHLUCKEN: Sofort GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | ALLANEELAMISE KORRAL: võtta viivitamata ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΚΑΤΑΠΟΣΗΣ: Καλέστε αμέσως το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό. |
| EN | IF SWALLOWED: Immediately call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. |
| FR | EN CAS D’INGESTION: appeler immédiatement un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin. |
| GA | MÁ SHLOGTAR: Cuir glao láithreach ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia. |
| IT | IN CASO DI INGESTIONE: contattare immediatamente un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico |
| LV | NORĪŠANAS GADĪJUMĀ: Nekavējoties sazināties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu. |
| LT | PRARIJUS: Nedelsiant skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | LENYELÉS ESETÉN: azonnal forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | JEKK JINBELA’: Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib. |
| NL | NA INSLIKKEN: onmiddellijk een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU POŁKNIĘCIA: Natychmiast skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub z lekarzem. |
| PT | EM CASO DE INGESTÃO: contacte imediatamente um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE ÎNGHIŢIRE: sunaţi imediat la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic. |
| SK | PO POŽITÍ: okamžite volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | PRI ZAUŽITJU: takoj pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA ON NIELTY: Ota välittömästi yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin. |
| SV | VID FÖRTÄRING: Kontakta genast GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare. |
P301 + P312 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ПОГЛЪЩАНЕ: Незабавно се обадете в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОСКИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар при неразположение. |
| ES | EN CASO DE INGESTIÓN: Llamar a un CENTRO DE INFORMACIÓN TOXICOLÓGICA o a un médico si se encuentra mal. |
| CS | PŘI POŽITÍ: Necítíte-li s dobře, volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | I TILFÆLDE AF INDTAGELSE: I tilfælde af ubehag ring til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | BEI VERSCHLUCKEN: Bei Unwohlsein GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | ALLANEELAMISE KORRAL: halva enesetunde korral võtta ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΚΑΤΑΠΟΣΗΣ: Καλέστε αμέσως το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό, εάν αισθανθείτε αδιαθεσία. |
| EN | IF SWALLOWED: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician if you feel unwell. |
| FR | EN CAS D’INGESTION: appeler un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin en cas de malaise. |
| GA | MÁ SHLOGTAR: Cuir glao ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia má bhraitheann tú tinn. |
| IT | IN CASO DI INGESTIONE accompagnata da malessere: contattare un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico. |
| LV | NORĪŠANAS GADĪJUMĀ: sazināties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu, ja jums ir slikta pašsajūta. |
| LT | PRARIJUS: Pasijutus blogai, skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | LENYELÉS ESETÉN: rosszullét esetén azonnal forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | JEKK JINBELA’: Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib jekk tħossok ma tiflaħx. |
| NL | NA INSLIKKEN: bij onwel voelen een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU POŁKNIĘCIA: W przypadku złego samopoczucia skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub z lekarzem. |
| PT | EM CASO DE INGESTÃO: caso sinta indisposição, contacte um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE ÎNGHIŢIRE: sunaţi la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic, dacă nu vă simţiţi bine. |
| SK | PO POŽITÍ: ak máte zdravotné problémy, okamžite volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | PRI ZAUŽITJU: ob slabem počutju pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA ON NIELTY: Ota yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin, jos ilmenee pahoinvointia. |
| SV | VID FÖRTÄRING: Kontakta GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare om du mår dåligt. |
P301 + P330 + P331 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ПОГЛЪЩАНЕ: изплакнете устата. НЕ предизвиквайте повръщане. |
| ES | EN CASO DE INGESTIÓN: Enjuagarse la boca. NO provocar el vómito. |
| CS | PŘI POŽITÍ: Vypláchněte ústa. NEVYVOLÁVEJTE zvracení. |
| DA | I TILFÆLDE AF INDTAGELSE: Skyl munden. Fremkald IKKE opkastning. |
| DE | BEI VERSCHLUCKEN: Mund ausspülen. KEIN Erbrechen herbeiführen. |
| ET | ALLANEELAMISE KORRAL: loputada suud. MITTE kutsuda esile oksendamist. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΚΑΤΑΠΟΣΗΣ: Ξεπλύνετε το στόμα. ΜΗΝ προκαλέσετε εμετό. |
| EN | IF SWALLOWED: rinse mouth. Do NOT induce vomiting. |
| FR | EN CAS D’INGESTION: rincer la bouche. NE PAS faire vomir. |
| GA | MÁ SHLOGTAR: sruthlaítear an béal. NÁ déan urlacan a spreagadh. |
| IT | IN CASO DI INGESTIONE: sciacquare la bocca. NON provocare il vomito. |
| LV | NORĪŠANAS GADĪJUMĀ: izskalot muti. NEIZRAISĪT vemšanu. |
| LT | PRARIJUS: išskalauti burną. NESKATINTI vėmimo. |
| HU | LENYELÉS ESETÉN: a szájat ki kell öblíteni. TILOS hánytatni. |
| MT | JEKK JINBELA’: laħlaħ il-ħalq. TIPPROVOKAX ir-remettar. |
| NL | NA INSLIKKEN: de mond spoelen — GEEN braken opwekken. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU POŁKNIĘCIA: wypłukać usta. NIE wywoływać wymiotów. |
| PT | EM CASO DE INGESTÃO: enxaguar a boca. NÃO provocar o vómito. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE ÎNGHIŢIRE: clătiţi gura. NU provocaţi voma. |
| SK | PO POŽITÍ: vypláchnite ústa. Nevyvolávajte zvracanie. |
| SL | PRI ZAUŽITJU: izprati usta. NE izzvati bruhanja. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA ON NIELTY: Huuhdo suu. EI saa oksennuttaa. |
| SV | VID FÖRTÄRING: Skölj munnen. Framkalla INTE kräkning. |
P302 + P334 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С КОЖАТА: Потопете в студена вода/сложете мокри компреси. |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA PIEL: Sumergir en agua fresca/aplicar compresas húmedas. |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S KŮŽÍ: Ponořte do studené vody/zabalte do vlhkého obvazu. |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED HUDEN: Skyl under koldt vand/anvend våde omslag. |
| DE | BEI KONTAKT MIT DER HAUT: In kaltes Wasser tauchen/nassen Verband anlegen. |
| ET | NAHALE SATTUMISE KORRAL: hoida jahedas vees/panna peale niiske kompress. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΟ ΔΕΡΜΑ: Πλύντε με άφθονο δροσερό νερό/τυλίξτε με βρεγμένους επιδέσμους. |
| EN | IF ON SKIN: Immerse in cool water/wrap in wet bandages. |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LA PEAU: rincer à l’eau fraîche/poser une compresse humide. |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS AN gCRAICEANN: Tum in uisce fionnuar/cuir bréid fliuch air. |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON LA PELLE: immergere in acqua fredda/avvolgere con un bendaggio umido. |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR ĀDU: iegremdēt vēsā ūdenī/ietīt mitros apsējos. |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT ODOS: Įmerkti į vėsų vandenį/apvynioti šlapiais tvarsčiais. |
| HU | HA BŐRRE KERÜL: Hideg vízzel/nedves kötéssel kell hűteni. |
| MT | JEKK FUQ IL-ĠILDA: Daħħal fl-ilma frisk/kebbeb f’faxex imxarrbin. |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE HUID: in koud water onderdompelen/nat verband aanbrengen. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU KONTAKTU ZE SKÓRĄ: Zanurzyć w zimnej wodzie/owinąć mokrym bandażem. |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A PELE: mergulhar em água fria/aplicar compressas húmidas. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU PIELEA: introduceţi în apă rece/acoperiţi cu o compresă umedă. |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S POKOŽKOU: Ponorte do studenej vody/obviažte mokrými obväzmi. |
| SL | PRI STIKU S KOŽO: potopiti v hladno vodo/zaviti v mokre povoje. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU IHOLLE: Upota kylmään veteen/kääri märkiin siteisiin. |
| SV | VID HUDKONTAKT: Skölj under kallt vatten/använd våta omslag. |
P302 + P350 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С КОЖАТА: Измийте внимателно и обилно със сапун и вода. |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA PIEL: Lavar suavemente con agua y jabón abundantes. |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S KŮŽÍ: Jemně omyjte velkým množstvím vody a mýdla. |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED HUDEN: Vask forsigtigt med rigeligt sæbe og vand. |
| DE | BEI KONTAKT MIT DER HAUT: Behutsam mit viel Wasser und Seife waschen. |
| ET | NAHALE SATTUMISE KORRAL: pesta õrnalt rohke vee ja seebiga. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΟ ΔΕΡΜΑ: Πλύντε απαλά με άφθονο νερό και σαπούνι. |
| EN | IF ON SKIN: Gently wash with plenty of soap and water. |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LA PEAU: laver avec précaution et abondamment à l’eau et au savon. |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS AN gCRAICEANN: Nigh go bog le neart gallúnaí agus uisce. |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON LA PELLE: lavare delicatamente e abbondantemente con acqua e sapone. |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR ĀDU: maigi nomazgāt ar lielu ziepju un ūdens daudzumu. |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT ODOS: Atsargiai nuplauti dideliu kiekiu muilo ir vandens. |
| HU | HA BŐRRE KERÜL: Óvatos lemosás bő szappanos vízzel. |
| MT | JEKK FUQ IL-ĠILDA: Aħsel bil-mod b’ħafna sapun u ilma. |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE HUID: voorzichtig wassen met veel water en zeep. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU DOSTANIA SIĘ NA SKÓRĘ: Delikatnie umyć dużą iloścą wody z mydłem. |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A PELE: lavar suavemente com sabonete e água abundantes. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU PIELEA: spălaţi uşor cu multă apă şi săpun. |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S POKOŽKOU: Opatrne umyte veľkým množstvom vody a mydla. |
| SL | PRI STIKU S KOŽO: nežno umiti z veliko mila in vode. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU IHOLLE: Pese varovasti runsaalla vedellä ja saippualla. |
| SV | VID HUDKONTAKT: Tvätta försiktigt med mycket tvål och vatten. |
P302 + P352 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С КОЖАТА: Измийте обилно със сапун и вода. |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA PIEL: Lavar con agua y jabón abundantes. |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S KŮŽÍ: Omyjte velkým množstvím vody a mýdla. |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED HUDEN: Vask med rigeligt sæbe og vand. |
| DE | BEI KONTAKT MIT DER HAUT: Mit viel Wasser und Seife waschen. |
| ET | NAHALE SATTUMISE KORRAL: pesta rohke vee ja seebiga. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΟ ΔΕΡΜΑ: Πλύνετε με άφθονο νερό και σαπούνι. |
| EN | IF ON SKIN: Wash with plenty of soap and water. |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LA PEAU: laver abondamment à l’eau et au savon. |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS AN gCRAICEANN: Nigh le neart gallúnaí agus uisce. |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON LA PELLE: lavare abbondantemente con acqua e sapone. |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR ĀDU: nomazgāt ar lielu ziepju un ūdens daudzumu. |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT ODOS: Nuplauti dideliu kiekiu muilo ir vandens. |
| HU | HA BŐRRE KERÜL: Lemosás bő szappanos vízzel. |
| MT | JEKK FUQ IL-ĠILDA: Aħsel b’ħafna sapun u ilma. |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE HUID: met veel water en zeep wassen. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU KONTAKTU ZE SKÓRĄ: Umyć dużą ilością wody z mydłem. |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A PELE: lavar com sabonete e água abundantes. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU PIELEA: spălaţi cu multă apă şi săpun. |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S POKOŽKOU: Umyte veľkým množstvom vody a mydla. |
| SL | PRI STIKU S KOŽO: umiti z veliko mila in vode. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU IHOLLE: Pese runsaalla vedellä ja saippualla. |
| SV | VID HUDKONTAKT: Tvätta med mycket tvål och vatten. |
P303 + P361 + P353 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С КОЖАТА (или косата): Незабавно свалете цялото замърсено облекло. Облейте кожата с вода/вземете душ |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA PIEL (o el pelo): Quitarse inmediatamente las prendas contaminadas. Aclararse la piel con agua o ducharse. |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S KŮŽÍ (nebo s vlasy): Veškeré kontaminované části oděvu okamžitě svlékněte. Opláchněte kůži vodou/osprchujte. |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED HUDEN (eller håret): Tilsmudset tøj tages straks af/fjernes. Skyl/brus huden med vand. |
| DE | BEI KONTAKT MIT DER HAUT (oder dem Haar): Alle beschmutzten, getränkten Kleidungsstücke sofort ausziehen. Haut mit Wasser abwaschen/duschen. |
| ET | NAHALE (või juustele) SATTUMISE KORRAL: võtta viivitamata kõik saastunud rõivad seljast. Loputada nahka veega/loputada duši all. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΟ ΔΕΡΜΑ (ή με τα μαλλιά): Αφαιρέστε αμέσως όλα τα μολυσμένα ενδύματα. Ξεπλύνετε το δέρμα με νερό/στο ντους. |
| EN | IF ON SKIN (or hair): Remove/Take off immediately all contaminated clothing. Rinse skin with water/shower. |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LA PEAU (ou les cheveux): enlever immédiatement les vêtements contaminés. Rincer la peau à l’eau/se doucher. |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS AN gCRAICEANN(nó le gruaig): Bain díot láithreach na héadaí éillithe go léir. Sruthlaítear an craiceann le huisce/glac cithfholcadh. |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON LA PELLE (o con i capelli): togliersi di dosso immediatamente tutti gli indumenti contaminati. Sciacquare la pelle/fare una doccia. |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR ĀDU (vai matiem): noģērbt visu piesārņoto apģērbu. Noskalot ādu ar ūdeni/dušā. |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT ODOS (arba plaukų): Nedelsiant nuvilkti/pašalinti visus užterštus drabužius. Odą nuplauti vandeniu/čiurkšle. |
| HU | HA BŐRRE (vagy hajra) KERÜL: Az összes szennyezett ruhadarabot azonnal el kell távolítani/le kell vetni. A bőrt le kell öblíteni vízzel/zuhanyozás. |
| MT | JEKK FUQ IL-ĠILDA (jew xagħar): Neħħi/inża’ minnufih l-ilbies kontaminat. Laħlaħ il-ġilda bl-ilma/bix-xawer. |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE HUID (of het haar): verontreinigde kleding onmiddellijk uittrekken — huid met water afspoelen/afdouchen. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU KONTATKU ZE SKÓRĄ (lub z włosami): Natychmiast usunąć/zdjąć całą zanieczyszczoną odzież. Spłukać skórę pod strumieniem wody/prysznicem. |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A PELE (ou o cabelo): despir/retirar imediatamente toda a roupa contaminada. Enxaguar a pele com água/tomar um duche. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU PIELEA (sau părul): scoateţi imediat toată îmbrăcămintea contaminată. Clătiţi pielea cu apă/faceţi duş. |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S POKOŽKOU (alebo vlasmi): Odstráňte/vyzlečte všetky kontaminované časti odevu. Pokožku ihneď opláchnite vodou/sprchou. |
| SL | PRI STIKU S KOŽO (ali lasmi): takoj odstraniti/sleči vsa kontaminirana oblačila. Izprati kožo z vodo/prho. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU IHOLLE (tai hiuksiin): Riisu saastunut vaatetus välittömästi. Huuhdo/suihkuta iho vedellä. |
| SV | VID HUDKONTAKT (även håret): Ta omedelbart av alla nedstänkta kläder. Skölj huden med vatten/duscha. |
P304 + P340 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ВДИШВАНЕ: Изведете пострадалия на чист въздух и го поставете в позиция, улесняваща дишането. |
| ES | EN CASO DE INHALACIÓN: Transportar a la víctima al exterior y mantenerla en reposo en una posición confortable para respirar. |
| CS | PŘI VDECHNUTÍ: Přeneste postiženého na čerstvý vzduch a ponechte jej v klidu v poloze usnadňující dýchání. |
| DA | VED INDÅNDING: Flyt personen til et sted med frisk luft og sørg for, at vedkommende hviler i en stilling, som letter vejrtrækningen. |
| DE | BEI EINATMEN: An die frische Luft bringen und in einer Position ruhigstellen, die das Atmen erleichtert. |
| ET | SISSEHINGAMISE KORRAL: toimetada kannatanu värske õhu kätte ja asetada mugavasse puhkeasendisse, mis võimaldab kergesti hingata. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΙΣΠΝΟΗΣ: Μεταφέρετε τον παθόντα στον καθαρό αέρα και αφήστε τον να ξεκουραστεί σε στάση που διευκολύνει την αναπνοή. |
| EN | IF INHALED: Remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. |
| FR | EN CAS D’INHALATION: transporter la victime à l’extérieur et la maintenir au repos dans une position où elle peut confortablement respirer. |
| GA | MÁ IONÁLAÍTEAR, tabhair amach faoin aer an duine agus coimeád socair é, i riocht ina bhféadfaidh sé anáil a tharraingt go réidh. |
| IT | IN CASO DI INALAZIONE: trasportare l'infortunato all’aria aperta e mantenerlo a riposo in posizione che favorisca la respirazione. |
| LV | IEELPOŠANAS GADĪJUMĀ: izvest cietušo svaigā gaisā un turēt miera stāvoklī, lai būtu ērti elpot. |
| LT | ĮKVĖPUS: Išnešti nukentėjusįjį į gryną orą; jam būtina ramybė ir padėtis, leidžianti laisvai kvėpuoti. |
| HU | BELÉLEGZÉS ESETÉN: Az érintett személyt friss levegőre kell vinni és olyan nyugalmi testhelyzetbe kell helyezni, hogy könnyen tudjon lélegezni. |
| MT | JEKK JITTIEĦED FIN-NIFS: Esponi lill-vittma għall-arja friska u żommha mistrieħa f’pożizzjoni komda biex tkun tista’ tieħu n-nifs. |
| NL | NA INADEMING: het slachtoffer in de frisse lucht brengen en laten rusten in een houding die het ademen vergemakkelijkt. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU DOSTANIA SIĘ DO DRÓG ODDECHOWYCH: wyprowadzić lub wynieść poszkodowanego na świeże powietrze i zapewnić warunki do odpoczynku w pozycji umożliwiającej swobodne oddychanie. |
| PT | EM CASO DE INALAÇÃO: retirar a vítima para uma zona ao ar livre e mantê-la em repouso numa posição que não dificulte a respiração. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE INHALARE: transportaţi victima la aer liber şi menţineţi-o în stare de repaus, într-o poziţie confortabilă pentru respiraţie. |
| SK | PO VDÝCHNUTÍ: Presuňte postihnutého na čerstvý vzduch a nechajte ho oddychovať v polohe, ktorá mu umožní pohodlné dýchanie. |
| SL | PRI VDIHAVANJU: prenesti žrtev na svež zrak in jo pustiti počivati v položaju, ki olajša dihanje. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA ON HENGITETTY: Siirrä henkilö raittiiseen ilmaan ja pidä lepoasennossa, jossa on helppo hengittää. |
| SV | VID INANDNING: Flytta personen till frisk luft och se till att han eller hon vilar i en ställning som underlättar andningen. |
P304 + P341 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ВДИШВАНЕ: При затруднено дишане изведете пострадалия на чист въздух и го поставете в позиция, улесняваща дишането. |
| ES | EN CASO DE INHALACIÓN: Si respira con dificultad, transportar a la víctima al exterior y mantenerla en reposo en una posición confortable para respirar. |
| CS | PŘI VDECHNUTÍ: Při obtížném dýchání přeneste postiženého na čerstvý vzduch a ponechte jej v klidu v poloze usnadňující dýchání. |
| DA | VED INDÅNDING: Ved vejrtrækningsbesvær: Flyt personen til et sted med frisk luft og sørg for, at vedkommende hviler i en stilling, som letter vejrtrækningen. |
| DE | BEI EINATMEN: Bei Atembeschwerden an die frische Luft bringen und in einer Position ruhigstellen, die das Atmen erleichtert. |
| ET | SISSEHINGAMISE KORRAL: hingamisraskuste korral toimetada kannatanu värske õhu kätte ja asetada mugavasse puhkeasendisse, mis võimaldab kergesti hingata. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΙΣΠΝΟΗΣ: Εάν ο παθών έχει δύσπνοια, μεταφέρετέ τον στον καθαρό αέρα και αφήστε τον να ξεκουραστεί σε στάση που διευκολύνει την αναπνοή. |
| EN | IF INHALED: If breathing is difficult, remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in a position comfortable for breathing. |
| FR | EN CAS D’INHALATION: s'il y a difficulté à respirer, transporter la victime à l'extérieur et la maintenir au repos dans une position où elle peut confortablement respirer. |
| GA | MÁ THÉANN AN TÁIRGE SEO LE hANÁIL DUINE, tabhair amach faoin aer an duine agus coimeád socair é, i riocht ina bhféadfaidh sé anáil a tharraingt go réidh. |
| IT | IN CASO DI INALAZIONE: se la respirazione è difficile, trasportare l'infortunato all’aria aperta e mantenerlo a riposo in posizione che favorisca la respirazione. |
| LV | IEELPOŠANAS GADĪJUMĀ: ja elpošana ir apgrūtināta, izvest cietušo svaigā gaisā un turēt miera stāvoklī, lai būtu ērti elpot. |
| LT | ĮKVĖPUS: Jeigu nukentėjusiajam sunku kvėpuoti, išnešti jį į gryną orą; jam būtina ramybė ir padėtis, leidžianti laisvai kvėpuoti. |
| HU | BELÉLEGZÉS ESETÉN: Légzési nehézségek esetén az érintett személyt friss levegőre kell vinni és olyan nyugalmi testhelyzetbe kell helyezni, hogy könnyen tudjon lélegezni. |
| MT | JEKK JITTIEĦED FIN-NIFS: Jekk in-nifs ikun diffiċli, esponi lill-vittma għall-arja friska u żommha mistrieħa f’pożizzjoni komda biex tkun tista’ tieħu n-nifs. |
| NL | NA INADEMING: bij ademhalingsmoeilijkheden het slachtoffer in de frisse lucht brengen en laten rusten in een houding die het ademen vergemakkelijkt. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU DOSTANIA SIĘ DO DRÓG ODDECHOWYCH: W przypadku trudności z oddychaniem, wyprowadzić lub wynieść poszkodowanego na świeże powietrze i zapewnić warunki do odpoczynku w pozycji umożliwiającej swobodne oddychanie. |
| PT | EM CASO DE INALAÇÃO: em caso de dificuldade respiratória, retirar a vítima para uma zona ao ar livre e mantê-la em repouso numa posição que não dificulte a respiração. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE INHALARE: dacă respiraţia este dificilă, transportaţi victima la aer liber şi menţineţi-o în stare de repaus, într-o poziţie confortabilă pentru respiraţie. |
| SK | PO VDÝCHNUTÍ: Ak nastanú ťažkosti s dýchaním, presuňte postihnutého na čerstvý vzduch a nechajte ho oddychovať v polohe, ktorá mu umožní pohodlné dýchanie. |
| SL | PRI VDIHAVANJU: prenesti žrtev pri oteženem dihanju na svež zrak in jo pustiti počivati v položaju, ki olajša dihanje. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA ON HENGITETTY: Jos hengitysvaikeuksia, siirrä henkilö raittiiseen ilmaan ja pidä lepoasennossa, jossa on helppo hengittää. |
| SV | VID INANDNING: Vid andningsbesvär, flytta personen till frisk luft och se till att han eller hon vilar i en ställning som underlättar andningen. |
P305 + P351 + P338 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ КОНТАКТ С ОЧИТЕ: Промивайте внимателно с вода в продължение на няколко минути. Свалете контактните лещи, ако има такива и доколкото това е възможно. Продължавайте да промивате. |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LOS OJOS: Aclarar cuidadosamente con agua durante varios minutos. Quitar las lentes de contacto, si lleva y resulta fácil. Seguir aclarando. |
| CS | PŘI ZASAŽENÍ OČÍ: Několik minut opatrně vyplachujte vodou. Vyjměte kontaktní čočky, jsou-li nasazeny a pokud je lze vyjmout snadno. Pokračujte ve vyplachování. |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED ØJNENE: Skyl forsigtigt med vand i flere minutter. Fjern eventuelle kontaktlinser, hvis dette kan gøres let. Fortsæt skylning. |
| DE | BEI KONTAKT MIT DEN AUGEN: Einige Minuten lang behutsam mit Wasser spülen. Vorhandene Kontaktlinsen nach Möglichkeit entfernen. Weiter spülen. |
| ET | SILMA SATTUMISE KORRAL: loputada mitme minuti jooksul ettevaatlikult veega. Eemaldada kontaktläätsed, kui neid kasutatakse ja kui neid on kerge eemaldada. Loputada veel kord. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΑ ΜΑΤΙΑ: Ξεπλύνετε προσεκτικά με νερό για αρκετά λεπτά. Εάν υπάρχουν φακοί επαφής, αφαιρέστε τους, εφόσον είναι εύκολο. Συνεχίστε να ξεπλένετε. |
| EN | IF IN EYES: Rinse cautiously with water for several minutes. Remove contact lenses, if present and easy to do. Continue rinsing. |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LES YEUX: rincer avec précaution à l’eau pendant plusieurs minutes. Enlever les lentilles de contact si la victime en porte et si elles peuvent être facilement enlevées. Continuer à rincer. |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LEIS NA SÚILE: Sruthlaigh go cúramach le huisce ar feadh roinnt nóiméad. Tóg amach na tadhall-lionsaí, más ann dóibh agus más furasta. Lean den sruthlú. |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON GLI OCCHI: sciacquare accuratamente per parecchi minuti. Togliere le eventuali lenti a contatto se è agevole farlo. Continuare a sciacquare. |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR ACĪM: uzmanīgi izskalot ar ūdeni vairākas minūtes. Izņemt kontaktlēcas, ja tās ir ievietotas un ja to ir viegli izdarīt. Turpināt skalot. |
| LT | PATEKUS Į AKIS: Kelias minutes atsargiai plauti vandeniu. Išimti kontaktinius lęšius, jeigu jie yra ir jeigu lengvai galima tai padaryti. Toliau plauti akis. |
| HU | SZEMBE KERÜLÉS esetén: Több percig tartó óvatos öblítés vízzel. Adott esetben a kontaktlencsék eltávolítása, ha könnyen megoldható. Az öblítés folytatása. |
| MT | JEKK JIDĦOL FL-GĦAJNEJN: Laħlaħ b'attenzjoni bl-ilma għal diversi minuti. Neħħi l-lentijiet tal-kuntatt, jekk ikun hemm u jkunu faċli biex tneħħihom. Kompli laħlaħ. |
| NL | BIJ CONTACT MET DE OGEN: voorzichtig afspoelen met water gedurende een aantal minuten; contactlenzen verwijderen, indien mogelijk; blijven spoelen. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU DOSTANIA SIĘ DO OCZU: Ostrożnie płukać wodą przez kilka minut. Wyjąć soczewki kontaktowe, jeżeli są i można je łatwo usunąć. Nadal płukać. |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM OS OLHOS: enxaguar cuidadosamente com água durante vários minutos. Se usar lentes de contacto, retire-as, se tal lhe for possível. Continuar a enxaguar. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU OCHII: clătiţi cu atenţie cu apă timp de mai multe minute. Scoateţi lentilele de contact, dacă este cazul şi dacă acest lucru se poate face cu uşurinţă. Continuaţi să clătiţi. |
| SK | PO ZASIAHNUTÍ OČÍ: Niekoľko minút ich opatrne vyplachujte vodou. Ak používate kontaktné šošovky a ak je to možné, odstráňte ich. Pokračujte vo vyplachovaní. |
| SL | PRI STIKU Z OČMI: previdno izpirajte z vodo nekaj minut. Odstranite kontaktne leče, če jih imate in če to lahko storite brez težav. Nadaljujte z izpiranjem. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU SILMIIN: Huuhdo huolellisesti vedellä usean minuutin ajan. Poista piilolinssit, _edical voi tehdä helposti. Jatka huuhtomista. |
| SV | VID KONTAKT MED ÖGONEN: Skölj försiktigt med vatten i flera minuter. Ta ur eventuella kontaktlinser om det går lätt. Fortsätt att skölja. |
P306 + P360 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ ПОПАДАНЕ ВЪРХУ ОБЛЕКЛОТО: незабавно облейте замърсеното облекло и кожата обилно с вода, преди да свалите дрехите. |
| ES | EN CASO DE CONTACTO CON LA ROPA: Aclarar inmediatamente con agua abundante las prendas y la piel contaminadas antes de quitarse la ropa. |
| CS | PŘI STYKU S ODĚVEM: Kontaminovaný oděv a kůži oklamžitě omyjte velkým množstvím vody a potom oděv odložte. |
| DA | VED KONTAKT MED TØJET: Skyl omgående tilsmudset tøj og hud med rigeligt vand, før tøjet fjernes. |
| DE | BEI KONTAKT MIT DER KLEIDUNG: Kontaminierte Kleidung und Haut sofort mit viel Wasser abwaschen und danach Kleidung ausziehen. |
| ET | RÕIVASTELE SATTUMISE KORRAL: saastunud rõivad ja nahk loputada viivitamata rohke veega ning alles seejärel rõivad eemaldada. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ ΕΠΑΦΗΣ ΜΕ ΤΑ ΡΟΥΧΑ: Ξεπλύντε αμέσως τα μολυσμένα ρούχα και την επιδερμίδα με άφθονο νερό πριν αφαιρέσετε τα ρούχα. |
| EN | IF ON CLOTHING: rinse immediately contaminated clothing and skin with plenty of water before removing clothes. |
| FR | EN CAS DE CONTACT AVEC LES VÊTEMENTS: rincer immédiatement et abondamment avec de l’eau les vêtements contaminés et la peau avant de les enlever. |
| GA | I gCÁS TEAGMHÁLA LE hÉADAÍ: sruthlaítear éadaí éillithe agus an craiceann láithreach le neart uisce sula ndéantar na héadaí a bhaint den duine. |
| IT | IN CASO DI CONTATTO CON GLI INDUMENTI: sciacquare immediatamente e abbondantemente gli indumenti contaminati e la pelle prima di togliersi gli indumenti. |
| LV | SASKARĒ AR APĢĒRBU: nekavējoties izskalot piesārņoto apģērbu un ādu ar lielu daudzumu ūdeni, pirms apģērba novilkšanas. |
| LT | PATEKUS ANT DRABUŽIŲ: Prieš nuvelkant užterštus drabužius, nedelsiant juos ir odą nuplauti dideliu kiekiu vandens. |
| HU | HA RUHÁRA KERÜL: A ruhák levetése előtt a szennyezett ruházatot és a bőrt bő vízzel azonnal le kell öblíteni. |
| MT | JEKK FUQ L-ILBIES: laħlaħ mall-ewwel l-ilbies ikkontaminat u l-ġilda b’ħafna ilma qabel ma tneħħi l-ilbies. |
| NL | NA MORSEN OP KLEDING: verontreinigde kleding en huid onmiddellijk met veel water afspoelen en pas daarna kleding uittrekken. |
| PL | W PRZYPADKU KONTAKTU Z ODZIEŻĄ: natychmiast spłukać zanieczyszczoną odzież i skórę dużą ilością wody przed zdjęciem odzieży. |
| PT | SE ENTRAR EM CONTACTO COM A ROUPA: enxaguar imediatamente com muita água a roupa e a pele contaminadas antes de se despir. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE CONTACT CU ÎMBRĂCĂMINTEA: clătiţi imediat îmbrăcămintea contaminată şi pielea cu multă apă, înainte de scoaterea îmbrăcămintei. |
| SK | PRI KONTAKTE S ODEVOM: kontaminovaný odev a pokožku opláchnite veľkým množstvom vody a potom odev odstráňte. |
| SL | PRI STIKU Z OBLAČILI: takoj izprati kontaminirana oblačila in kožo z veliko vode pred odstranitvijo oblačil. |
| FI | JOS KEMIKAALIA JOUTUU VAATTEISIIN: Huuhdo saastunut vaatetus ja iho välittömästi runsaalla vedellä ennen vaatetuksen riisumista. |
| SV | VID KONTAKT MED KLÄDERNA: Skölj omedelbart nedstänkta kläder och hud med mycket vatten innan du tar av dig kläderna. |
P307 + P311 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ експозиция: Обадете се в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОКСИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар. |
| ES | EN CASO DE exposición: Llamar a un CENTRO DE INFORMACIÓN TOXICOLÓGICA o a un médico. |
| CS | PŘI expozici: Volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | VED eksponering: Ring til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | BEI Exposition: GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | Kokkupuute korral: võtta ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ έκθεσης: Καλέστε το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό. |
| EN | IF exposed: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. |
| FR | EN CAS d’exposition: appeler un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin. |
| GA | I gCÁS nochta: Cuir glao ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia. |
| IT | IN CASO di esposizione, contattare un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico. |
| LV | Ja ir saskarē: Sazināties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu. |
| LT | Esant sąlyčiui: Skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Expozíció esetén: forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | Jekk espost: Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib. |
| NL | NA blootstelling: een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku narażenia: Skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub z lekarzem. |
| PT | EM CASO DE exposição: contacte um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE expunere: sunaţi la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic. |
| SK | Po expozícii: volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | PRI izpostavljenosti: pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | Altistumisen tapahduttua: Ota yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin. |
| SV | Om du exponerats: Kontakta GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare. |
P308 + P313 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ явна или предполагаема експозиция: Потърсете медицински съвет/помощ. |
| ES | EN CASO DE exposición manifiesta o presunta: Consultar a un médico. |
| CS | PŘI expozici nebo podezření na ni: Vyhledejte lékařskou pomoc/ošetření. |
| DA | VED eksponering eller mistanke om eksponering: Søg lægehjælp. |
| DE | BEI Exposition oder falls betroffen: Ärztlichen Rat einholen/ärztliche Hilfe hinzuziehen. |
| ET | Kokkupuute või kokkupuutekahtluse korral: pöörduda arsti poole. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ έκθεσης ή πιθανότητας έκθεσης: Συμβουλευθείτε/Επισκεφθείτε γιατρό. |
| EN | IF exposed or concerned: Get medical advice/attention. |
| FR | EN CAS d’exposition prouvée ou suspectée: consulter un médecin. |
| GA | I gCÀS nochta nó má mheastar a bheith nochtaithe: Faigh comhairle/cúram liachta. |
| IT | IN CASO di esposizione o di possibile esposizione, consultare un medico. |
| LV | Ja nokļūst saskarē vai saistīts ar to: lūdziet mediķu palīdzību. |
| LT | Esant sąlyčiui arba jeigu numanomas sąlytis: kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Expozíció vagy annak gyanúja esetén: orvosi ellátást kell kérni. |
| MT | Jekk espost jew konċernat: Ikkonsulta tabib. |
| NL | NA (mogelijke) blootstelling: een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku narażenia lub styczności: Zasięgnąć porady/zgłosić się pod opiekę lekarza. |
| PT | EM CASO DE exposição ou suspeita de exposição: consulte um médico. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE expunere sau de posibilă expunere: consultaţi medicul. |
| SK | Po expozícii alebo podozrení z nej: Vyhľadajte lekársku pomoc/starostlivosť. |
| SL | PRI izpostavljenosti ali sumu izpostavljenosti: poiščite zdravniško pomoč/oskrbo. |
| FI | Altistumisen tapahduttua tai jos epäillään altistumista: Hakeudu lääkäriin. |
| SV | Vid exponering eller misstanke om exponering Sök läkarhjälp. |
P309 + P311 | Language | |
| BG | ПРИ експозиция или неразположение: Обадете се в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОКСИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар. |
| ES | EN CASO DE exposición o si se encuentra mal: Llamar a un CENTRO DE INFORMACIÓN TOXICOLÓGICA o a un médico. |
| CS | PŘI expozici nebo necítíte-li se dobře: Volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | VED eksponering eller ubehag: Ring til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | BEI Exposition oder Unwohlsein: GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | Kokkupuute või halva enesetunde korral: võtta ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | ΣΕ ΠΕΡΙΠΤΩΣΗ έκθεσης ή αδιαθεσίας: Καλέστε το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό. |
| EN | IF exposed or if you feel unwell: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. |
| FR | EN CAS d’exposition ou de malaise: appeler un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin. |
| GA | I gCÀS nochta nó má bhraitear tinn: Cuir glao ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia. |
| IT | IN CASO di esposizione o di malessere, contattare un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico. |
| LV | Ja nokļūst saskarē vai jums ir slikta pašsajūta: sazinieties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu. |
| LT | Esant sąlyčiui arba pasijutus blogai: Skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Expozíció vagy rosszullét esetén: forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | JEKK espost jew tħossok ma tiflaħx: Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib. |
| NL | NA blootstelling of bij onwel voelen: een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku narażenia lub złego samopoczucia: Skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub z lekarzem. |
| PT | EM CASO DE exposição ou de indisposição: contacte um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | ÎN CAZ DE expunere sau dacă nu vă simţiţi bine: sunaţi la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic. |
| SK | Po expozícii alebo pri zdravotných problémoch: volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | PRI izpostavljenosti ali slabem počutju: pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | Altistumisen tapahduttua tai jos ilmenee pahoinvointia: Ota yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOSKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin. |
| SV | Vid exponering eller obehag: Kontakta GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare. |
P332 + P313 | Language | |
| BG | При поява на кожно дразнене: Потърсете медицински съвет/помощ. |
| ES | En caso de irritación cutánea: Consultar a un médico. |
| CS | Při podráždění kůže: Vyhledejte lékařskou pomoc/ošetření. |
| DA | Ved hudirritation: Søg lægehjælp. |
| DE | Bei Hautreizung: Ärztlichen Rat einholen/ärztliche Hilfe hinzuziehen. |
| ET | Nahaärrituse korral: pöörduda arsti poole. |
| EL | Εάν παρατηρηθεί ερεθισμός του δέρματος: Συμβουλευθείτε/Επισκεφθείτε γιατρό. |
| EN | If skin irritation occurs: Get medical advice/attention. |
| FR | En cas d’irritation cutanée: consulter un médecin. |
| GA | I gcás greannú craicinn: Faigh comhairle/cúram liachta. |
| IT | In caso di irritazione della pelle: consultare un medico. |
| LV | Ja rodas ādas iekaisums: lūdziet mediķu palīdzību. |
| LT | Jeigu sudirginama oda: kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Bőrirritáció esetén: orvosi ellátást kell kérni. |
| MT | Jekk ikun hemm irritazzjoni tal-ġilda: Ikkonsulta tabib. |
| NL | Bij huidirritatie: een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku wystąpienia podrażnienia skóry: Zasięgnąć porady/zgłosić się pod opiekę lekarza. |
| PT | Em caso de irritação cutânea: consulte um médico. |
| RO | În caz de iritare a pielii: consultaţi medicul. |
| SK | Ak sa objaví podráždenie pokožky, vyhľadajte lekársku pomoc/starostlivosť. |
| SL | Če nastopi draženje kože: poiščite zdravniško pomoč/oskrbo. |
| FI | Jos ilmenee ihoärsytystä: Hakeudu lääkäriin. |
| SV | Vid hudirritation: Sök läkarhjälp. |
P333 + P313 | Language | |
| BG | При поява на кожно дразнене или обрив на кожата: Потърсете медицински съвет/помощ. |
| ES | En caso de irritación o erupción cutánea: Consultar a un médico. |
| CS | Při podráždění kůže nebo vyrážce: Vyhledejte lékařskou pomoc/ošetření. |
| DA | Ved hudirritation eller udslet: Søg lægehjælp. |
| DE | Bei Hautreizung oder -ausschlag: Ärztlichen Rat einholen/ärztliche Hilfe hinzuziehen. |
| ET | Nahaärrituse või _obe korral: pöörduda arsti poole. |
| EL | Εάν παρατηρηθεί ερεθισμός του δέρματος ή εμφανιστεί εξάνθημα: Συμβουλευθείτε/Επισκεφθείτε γιατρό. |
| EN | If skin irritation or rash occurs: Get medical advice/attention. |
| FR | En cas d’irritation ou d'éruption cutanée: consulter un médecin. |
| GA | Má tharlaíonn greannú nó gríos craicinn: Faigh comhairle/cúram liachta. |
| IT | In caso di irritazione o eruzione della pelle: consultare un medico. |
| LV | Ja rodas ādas iekaisums vai izsitumi: lūdziet mediķu palīdzību. |
| LT | Jeigu sudirginama oda arba ją išberia: kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Bőrirritáció vagy kiütések megjelenése esetén: orvosi ellátást kell kérni. |
| MT | Jekk ikun hemm irritazzjoni jew raxx tal-ġilda: Ikkonsulta tabib. |
| NL | Bij huidirritatie of uitslag: een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku wystąpienia podrażnienia skóry lub wysypki: Zasięgnąć porady/zgłosić się pod opiekę lekarza. |
| PT | Em caso de irritação ou erupção cutânea: consulte um médico. |
| RO | În caz de iritare a pielii sau de erupţie cutanată: consultaţi medicul. |
| SK | Ak sa prejaví podráždenie pokožky alebo sa vytvoria vyrážky: vyhľadajte lekársku pomoc/starostlivosť. |
| SL | Če nastopi draženje kože ali se pojavi izpuščaj: poiščite zdravniško pomoč/oskrbo. |
| FI | Jos ilmenee ihoärsytystä tai ihottumaa: Hakeudu lääkäriin. |
| SV | Vid hudirritation eller utslag: Sök läkarhjälp. |
P335 + P334 | Language | |
| BG | Отстранете посипаните частици от кожата. Потопете в хладка вода/сложете мокри компреси. |
| ES | Sacudir las partículas que se hayan depositado en la piel. Sumergir en agua fresca/aplicar compresas húmedas. |
| CS | Volné částice odstraňte z kůže. Ponořte do studené vody/zabalte do vlhkého obvazu. |
| DA | Børst løse partikler bort fra huden. Skyl under koldt vand/anvend våde omslag. |
| DE | Lose Partikel von der Haut abbürsten. In kaltes Wasser tauchen/nassen Verband anlegen. |
| ET | Pühkida lahtised osakesed nahalt maha. Hoida jahedas vees / panna peale niiske kompress. |
| EL | Αφαιρέστε προσεκτικά τα σωματίδια που έχουν μείνει στο δέρμα. Πλύντε με άφθονο δροσερό νερό/τυλίξτε με βρεγμένους επιδέσμους. |
| EN | Brush off loose particles from skin. Immerse in cool water/wrap in wet bandages. |
| FR | Enlever avec précaution les particules déposées sur la peau. Rincer à l’eau fraîche/poser une compresse humide. |
| GA | Scuab cáithníní scaoilte den chraiceann. Tum in uisce fionnuar/cuir bréid fliuch air. |
| IT | Rimuovere le particelle depositate sulla pelle. Immergere in acqua fredda/avvolgere con un bendaggio umido. |
| LV | Noberziet brīvās daļiņas no ādas. Iegremdējiet vēsā ūdenī/ietiniet mitros apsējos. |
| LT | Neprilipusias daleles nuvalyti nuo odos. Įmerkti į vėsų vandenį/apvynioti šlapiais tvarsčiais. |
| HU | A bőrre tapadó szemcséket óvatosan le kell kefélni. Hideg vízzel/nedves kötéssel kell hűteni. |
| MT | Farfar il-frak mhux imwaħħal minn mal-ġilda. Daħħal fl-ilma frisk/kebbeb f’faxex imxarrbin. |
| NL | Losse deeltjes van de huid afvegen. In koud water onderdompelen/nat verband aanbrengen. |
| PL | Nie związaną pozostałość strzepnąć ze skóry. Zanurzyć w zimnej wodzie/owinąć mokrym bandażem. |
| PT | Sacudir da pele as partículas soltas. Mergulhar em água fria/aplicar compressas húmidas. |
| RO | Îndepărtaţi particulele depuse pe piele. Introduceţi în apă rece/acoperiţi cu o compresă umedă. |
| SK | Z pokožky oprášte sypké čiastočky. Ponorte do studenej vody/obviažte mokrými obväzmi. |
| SL | S krtačo odstraniti razsute delce s kože. Potopiti v hladno vodo/zaviti v mokre povoje. |
| FI | Poista irtohiukkaset iholta. Upota kylmään veteen/kääri märkiin siteisiin. |
| SV | Borsta bort lösa partiklar från huden. Skölj under kallt vatten/använd våta omslag. |
P337 + P313 | Language | |
| BG | При продължително дразнене на очите: Потърсете медицински съвет/помощ. |
| ES | Si persiste la irritación ocular: Consultar a un médico. |
| CS | Přetrvává-li podráždění očí: Vyhledejte lékařskou pomoc/ošetření. |
| DA | Ved vedvarende øjenirritation: Søg lægehjælp. |
| DE | Bei anhaltender Augenreizung: Ärztlichen Rat einholen/ärztliche Hilfe hinzuziehen. |
| ET | Kui silmade ärritus ei möödu: pöörduda arsti poole. |
| EL | Εάν δεν υποχωρεί ο οφθαλμικός ερεθισμός: Συμβουλευθείτε/Επισκεφθείτε γιατρό. |
| EN | If eye irritation persists: Get medical advice/attention. |
| FR | Si l’irritation oculaire persiste: consulter un médecin. |
| GA | Má mhaireann an greannú súile: Faigh comhairle/cúram liachta. |
| IT | Se l’irritazione degli occhi persiste, consultare un medico. |
| LV | Ja acu iekaisums nepāriet: lūdziet mediķu palīdzību. |
| LT | Jei akių dirginimas nepraeina: kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Ha a szemirritáció nem múlik el: orvosi ellátást kell kérni. |
| MT | Jekk l-irritazzjoni ta' l-għajnejn tippersisti: Ikkonsulta tabib. |
| NL | Bij aanhoudende oogirritatie: een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku utrzymywania się działania drażniącego na oczy: Zasięgnąć porady/zgłosić się pod opiekę lekarza. |
| PT | Caso a irritação ocular persista: consulte um médico. |
| RO | Dacă iritarea ochilor persistă: consultaţi medicul. |
| SK | Ak podráždenie očí pretrváva: vyhľadajte lekársku pomoc/starostlivosť. |
| SL | Če draženje oči ne preneha: poiščite zdravniško pomoč/oskrbo. |
| FI | Jos silmä-ärsytys jatkuu: Hakeudu lääkäriin. |
| SV | Vid bestående ögonirritation: Sök läkarhjälp. |
P342 + P311 | Language | |
| BG | При симптоми на затруднено дишане: Обадете се в ЦЕНТЪР ПО ТОКСИКОЛОГИЯ или на лекар. |
| ES | En caso de síntomas respiratorios: Llamar a un CENTRO DE INFORMACIÓN TOXICOLÓGICA o a un médico. |
| CS | Při dýchacích potížích: Volejte TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÍ STŘEDISKO nebo lékaře. |
| DA | Ved luftvejssymptomer: Ring til en GIFTINFORMATION eller en læge. |
| DE | Bei Symptomen der Atemwege: GIFTINFORMATIONSZENTRUM oder Arzt anrufen. |
| ET | Hingamisteede probleemide ilmnemise korral: võtta ühendust MÜRGISTUSTEABEKESKUSE või arstiga. |
| EL | Εάν παρουσιάζονται αναπνευστικά συμπτώματα: Καλέστε το ΚΕΝΤΡΟ ΔΗΛΗΤΗΡΙΑΣΕΩΝ ή ένα γιατρό. |
| EN | If experiencing respiratory symptoms: Call a POISON CENTER or doctor/physician. |
| FR | En cas de symptômes respiratoires: appeler un CENTRE ANTIPOISON ou un médecin. |
| GA | I gcás siomptóm riospráide: Cuir glao ar IONAD NIMHE nó ar dhoctúir/lia. |
| IT | In caso di sintomi respiratori: contattare un CENTRO ANTIVELENI o un medico. |
| LV | Ja rodas elpas trūkuma simptomi: sazinieties ar SAINDĒŠANĀS CENTRU vai ārstu. |
| LT | Jeigu pasireiškia respiraciniai simptomai: skambinti į APSINUODIJIMŲ KONTROLĖS IR INFORMACIJOS BIURĄ arba kreiptis į gydytoją. |
| HU | Légzési problémák esetén: forduljon TOXIKOLÓGIAI KÖZPONTHOZ vagy orvoshoz. |
| MT | Jekk ikollok sintomi respiratorji: Ikkuntattja ĊENTRU TA' L-AVVELENAMENT jew tabib. |
| NL | Bij ademhalingssymptomen: een ANTIGIFCENTRUM of een arts raadplegen. |
| PL | W przypadku wystąpienia objawów ze strony układu oddechowego: Skontaktować się z OŚRODKIEM ZATRUĆ lub z lekarzem. |
| PT | Em caso de sintomas respiratórios: contacte um CENTRO DE INFORMAÇÃO ANTIVENENOS ou um médico. |
| RO | În caz de simptome respiratorii: sunaţi la un CENTRU DE INFORMARE TOXICOLOGICĂ sau un medic. |
| SK | Pri ťažkostiach s dýchaním: volajte NÁRODNÉ TOXIKOLOGICKÉ INFORMAČNÉ CENTRUM alebo lekára. |
| SL | Pri respiratornih simptomih: pokličite CENTER ZA ZASTRUPITVE ali zdravnika. |
| FI | Jos ilmenee hengitysoireita: Ota yhteys MYRKYTYSTIETOKESKUKSEEN tai lääkäriin. |
| SV | Vid besvär i luftvägarna: Kontakta GIFTINFORMATIONSCENTRAL eller läkare. |
P370 + P376 | Language | |
| BG | При пожар: Спрете теча, ако е безопасно. |
| ES | En caso de incendio: Detener la fuga, si no hay peligro en hacerlo. |
| CS | V případě požáru: Zastavte únik, můžete-li tak učinit bez rizika. |
| DA | Ved brand: Stands lækagen, hvis dette er sikkert. |
| DE | Bei Brand: Undichtigkeit beseitigen, wenn gefahrlos möglich. |
| ET | Tulekahju korral: leke peatada, kui seda on võimalik teha ohutult. |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση πυρκαγιάς: Σταματήστε τη διαρροή, εφόσον δεν υπάρχει κίνδυνος. |
| EN | In case of fire: Stop leak if safe to do so. |
| FR | En cas d’incendie: obturer la fuite si cela peut se faire sans danger. |
| GA | I gcás dóiteáin: Cuir stop leis an sceitheadh má tá sé sábháilte é sin a dhéanamh. |
| IT | In caso di incendio: bloccare la perdita se non c’è pericolo. |
| LV | Ugunsgrēka gadījumā: apturiet noplūdi, ja to darīt ir droši. |
| LT | Gaisro atveju: sustabdyti nuotėkį, jeigu galima saugiai tai padaryti. |
| HU | Tűz esetén: Meg kell szüntetni a szivárgást, ha ez biztonságosan megtehető. |
| MT | F’każ ta' nar: Waqqaf it-tnixxija sakemm ma jkunx ta' periklu. |
| NL | In geval van brand: het lek dichten als dat veilig gedaan kan worden. |
| PL | W przypadku pożaru: Jeżeli jest to bezpieczne zahamować wyciek. |
| PT | Em caso de incêndio: deter a fuga se tal puder ser feito em segurança. |
| RO | În caz de incendiu: opriţi scurgerea, dacă acest lucru se poate face în siguranţă. |
| SK | V prípade požiaru: ak je to bezpečné, zastavte únik. |
| SL | Ob požaru: zaustaviti puščanje, če je varno. |
| FI | Tulipalon sattuessa: Sulje vuoto, jos sen voi tehdä turvallisesti. |
| SV | Vid brand: Stoppa läckan om det kan göras på ett säkert sätt. |
P370 + P378 | Language | |
| BG | При пожар: Използвайте … за гасене. |
| ES | En caso de incendio: Utilizar … para apagarlo. |
| CS | V případě požáru: K hašení použijte … |
| DA | Ved brand: Anvend … til brandslukning. |
| DE | Bei Brand: … zum Löschen verwenden. |
| ET | Tulekahju korral: kasutada kustutamiseks … |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση πυρκαγιάς: Χρησιμοποιήστε … για την κατάσβεση. |
| EN | In case of fire: Use … for extinction. |
| FR | En cas d’incendie: utiliser … pour l’extinction. |
| GA | I gcás dóiteáin: Úsáid … le haghaidh múchta. |
| IT | In caso di incendio: estinguere con… |
| LV | Ugunsgrēka gadījumā: dzēšanai izmantojiet … |
| LT | Gaisro atveju: gesinimui naudoti … |
| HU | Tűz esetén: az oltáshoz …használandó. |
| MT | F’każ ta' nar: Uża’ … għat-tifi. |
| NL | In geval van brand: blussen met … |
| PL | W przypadku pożaru: Użyć … do gaszenia. |
| PT | Em caso de incêndio: para a extinção utilizar … |
| RO | În caz de incendiu: utilizaţi… pentru stingere. |
| SK | V prípade požiaru: na hasenie použite … |
| SL | Ob požaru: za gašenje uporabiti … |
| FI | Tulipalon sattuessa: Käytä palon sammuttamiseen … |
| SV | Vid brand: Släck branden med … |
P370 + P380 | Language | |
| BG | При пожар: Евакуирайте зоната. |
| ES | En caso de incendio: Evacuar la zona. |
| CS | V případě požáru: Vykliďte prostor. |
| DA | Ved brand: Evakuer området. |
| DE | Bei Brand: Umgebung räumen. |
| ET | Tulekahju korral: ala evakueerida. |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση πυρκαγιάς: Εκκενώστε την περιοχή. |
| EN | In case of fire: Evacuate area. |
| FR | En cas d’incendie: évacuer la zone. |
| GA | I gcás dóiteáin: Aslonnaigh gach duine as an limistéar. |
| IT | Evacuare la zona in caso di incendio. |
| LV | Ugunsgrēka gadījumā: evakuēt zonu. |
| LT | Gaisro atveju: evakuoti zoną. |
| HU | Tűz esetén: Ki kell üríteni a területet. |
| MT | F’każ ta' nar: Evakwa ż-żona. |
| NL | In geval van brand: evacueren. |
| PL | W przypadku pożaru: Ewakuować teren. |
| PT | Em caso de incêndio: evacuar a zona. |
| RO | În caz de incendiu: evacuaţi zona. |
| SK | V prípade požiaru: priestory evakuujte. |
| SL | Ob požaru: izprazniti območje. |
| FI | Tulipalon sattuessa: Evakuoi alue. |
| SV | Vid brand: Utrym området. |
P370 + P380 + P375 | Language | |
| BG | При пожар: Евакуирайте зоната. Гасете пожара от разстояние поради опасност от експлозия. |
| ES | En caso de incendio: Evacuar la zona. Luchar contra el incendio a distancia, dado el riesgo de explosión. |
| CS | V případě požáru: Vykliďte prostor. Kvůli nebezpečí výbuchu haste z dostatečné vzdálenosti. |
| DA | Ved brand: Evakuer området. Bekæmp branden på afstand på grund af eksplosionsfare. |
| DE | Bei Brand: Umgebung räumen. Wegen Explosionsgefahr Brand aus der Entfernung bekämpfen. |
| ET | Tulekahju korral: ala evakueerida. Plahvatusohu tõttu teha kustutustöid eemalt. |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση πυρκαγιάς: Εκκενώστε την περιοχή. Προσπαθήστε να σβήσετε την πυρκαγιά από απόσταση, επειδή υπάρχει κίνδυνος έκρηξης. |
| EN | In case of fire: Evacuate area. Fight fire remotely due to the risk of explosion. |
| FR | En cas d’incendie: évacuer la zone. Combattre l’incendie à distance à cause du risque d’explosion. |
| GA | I gcás dóiteáin: Aslonnaigh gach duine as an limistéar. Téigh i gcianghleic leis an dóiteán mar gheall ar an mbaol pléasctha. |
| IT | In caso di incendio: evacuare la zona. Rischio di esplosione. Utilizzare i mezzi estinguenti a grande distanza. |
| LV | Ugunsgrēka gadījumā: evakuēt zonu. Dzēst uguni no attāluma eksplozijas riska dēļ. |
| LT | Gaisro atveju: evakuoti zoną. Gaisrą gesinti iš toli dėl sprogimo pavojaus. |
| HU | Tűz esetén: Ki kell üríteni a területet. A tűz oltását robbanásveszély miatt távolból kell végezni. |
| MT | F’każ ta' nar: Evakwa ż-żona. Itfi n-nar mill-bogħod minħabba r-riskju ta' splużjoni. |
| NL | In geval van brand: evacueren. Op afstand blussen omwille van ontploffingsgevaar. |
| PL | W przypadku pożaru: Ewakuować teren. Z powodu ryzyka wybuchu gasić pożar z odległości. |
| PT | Em caso de incêndio: evacuar a zona. Combater o incêndio à distância, devido ao risco de explosão. |
| RO | În caz de incendiu: evacuaţi zona. Stingeţi incendiul de la distanţă din cauza pericolului de explozie. |
| SK | V prípade požiaru: priestory evakuujte. Z dôvodu nebezpečenstva výbuchu požiar haste z diaľky. |
| SL | Ob požaru: izprazniti območje. Gasiti z večje razdalje zaradi nevarnosti eksplozije. |
| FI | Tulipalon sattuessa: Evakuoi alue. Sammuta palo etäältä räjähdysvaaran takia. |
| SV | Vid brand: Utrym området. Bekämpa branden på avstånd på grund av explosionsrisken. |
P371 + P380 + P375 | Language | |
| BG | При голям пожар и значителни количества: Евакуирайте зоната. Гасете пожара от разстояние поради опасност от експлозия. |
| ES | En caso de incendio importante y en grandes cantidades: Evacuar la zona. Luchar contra el incendio a distancia, dado el riesgo de explosión. |
| CS | V případě velkého požáru a velkého množství: Vykliďte prostor. Kvůli nebezpečí výbuchu haste z dostatečné vzdálenosti. |
| DA | Ved større brand og store mængder: Evakuer området. Bekæmp branden på afstand på grund af eksplosionsfare. |
| DE | Bei Großbrand und großen Mengen: Umgebung räumen. Wegen Explosionsgefahr Brand aus der Entfernung bekämpfen. |
| ET | Suure tulekahju korral ning kui on tegemist suurte kogustega: ala evakueerida. Plahvatusohu tõttu teha kustutustöid eemalt. |
| EL | Σε περίπτωση σοβαρής πυρκαγιάς και εάν πρόκειται για μεγάλες ποσότητες: Εκκενώστε την περιοχή. Προσπαθήστε να σβήσετε την πυρκαγιά από απόσταση, επειδή υπάρχει κίνδυνος έκρηξης. |
| EN | In case of major fire and large quantities: Evacuate area. Fight fire remotely due to the risk of explosion. |
| FR | En cas d’incendie important et s’il s’agit de grandes quantités: évacuer la zone. Combattre l’incendie à distance à cause du risque d’explosion. |
| GA | I gcás mórdhóiteáin agus mórchainníochtaí: Aslonnaigh gach duine as an limistéar. Téigh i gcianghleic leis an dóiteán mar gheall ar an mbaol pléasctha. |
| IT | In caso di incendio grave e di grandi quantità: evacuare la zona. Rischio di esplosione. Utilizzare i mezzi estinguenti a grande distanza. |
| LV | Ugunsgrēka vai liela apjoma gadījumā: evakuēt zonu. Dzēst uguni no attāluma eksplozijas riska dēļ. |
| LT | Didelio gaisro ir didelių kiekių atveju: evakuoti zoną. Gaisrą gesinti iš toli dėl sprogimo pavojaus. |
| HU | Nagyobb tűz és nagy mennyiség esetén: Ki kell üríteni a területet. A tűz oltását robbanásveszély miatt távolból kell végezni. |
| MT | F’każ ta' nar kbir u kwantitajiet kbar: Evakwa ż-żona. Itfi n-nar mill-bogħod minħabba r-riskju ta' splużjoni. |
| NL | In geval van grote brand en grote hoeveelheden: evacueren. Op afstand blussen omwille van ontploffingsgevaar. |
| PL | W przypadku poważnego pożaru i dużych ilości: Ewakuować teren. Z powodu ryzyka wybuchu gasić pożar z odległości. |
| PT | Em caso de incêndio importante e de grandes quantidades: evacuar a zona. Combater o incêndio à distância, devido ao risco de explosão. |
| RO | În caz de incendiu de proporţii şi de cantităţi mari de produs: evacuaţi zona. Stingeţi incendiul de la distanţă din cauza pericolului de explozie. |
| SK | V prípade veľkého požiaru a značného množstva: priestory evakuujte. Z dôvodu nebezpečenstva výbuchu požiar haste z diaľky. |
| SL | Ob velikem požaru in velikih količinah: izprazniti območje. Gasiti z večje razdalje zaradi nevarnosti eksplozije. |
| FI | Jos tulipalo ja ainemäärät ovat suuret: Evakuoi alue. Sammuta palo etäältä räjähdysvaaran takia. |
| SV | Vid större brand och stora mängder: Utrym området. Bekämpa branden på avstånd på grund av explosionsrisken. |
Table 1.4
Precautionary statements — Storage
P401 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява… |
| ES | Almacenar … |
| CS | Skladujte … |
| DA | Opbevares … |
| DE | … aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida … |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται … |
| EN | Store … |
| FR | Stocker … |
| GA | Stóráil … |
| IT | Conservare… |
| LV | Glabāt… |
| LT | Laikyti… |
| HU | Tárolás: … . |
| MT | Aħżen … |
| NL | … bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać … |
| PT | Armazenar … |
| RO | A se depozita… |
| SK | Uchovávajte … |
| SL | Hraniti … |
| FI | Varastoi … |
| SV | Förvaras … |
P402 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява на сухо място. |
| ES | Almacenar en un lugar seco. |
| CS | Skladujte na suchém místě. |
| DA | Opbevares et tørt sted. |
| DE | An einem trockenen Ort aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida kuivas. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε στεγνό μέρος. |
| EN | Store in a dry place. |
| FR | Stocker dans un endroit sec. |
| GA | Stóráil in áit thirim. |
| IT | Conservare in luogo asciutto. |
| LV | Glabāt sausā vietā. |
| LT | Laikyti sausoje vietoje. |
| HU | Száraz helyen tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f’post niexef. |
| NL | Op een droge plaats bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w suchym miejscu. |
| PT | Armazenar em local seco. |
| RO | A se depozita într-un loc uscat. |
| SK | Uchovávajte na suchom mieste. |
| SL | Hraniti na suhem. |
| FI | Varastoi kuivassa paikassa. |
| SV | Förvaras torrt. |
P403 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява на добре проветриво място. |
| ES | Almacenar en un lugar bien ventilado. |
| CS | Skladujte na dobře větraném místě. |
| DA | Opbevares på et godt ventileret sted. |
| DE | An einem gut belüfteten Ort aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida hästi ventileeritavas kohas. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε καλά αεριζόμενο χώρο. |
| EN | Store in a well-ventilated place. |
| FR | Stocker dans un endroit bien ventilé. |
| GA | Stóráil in áit dhea-aeráilte. |
| IT | Conservare in luogo ben ventilato. |
| LV | Glabāt labi vēdināmā vietā. |
| LT | Laikyti gerai vėdinamoje vietoje. |
| HU | Jól szellőző helyen tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f’post b'ventilazzjoni tajba. |
| NL | Op een goed geventileerde plaats bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w dobrze wentylowanym miejscu. |
| PT | Armazenar em local bem ventilado. |
| RO | A se depozita într-un spaţiu bine ventilat. |
| SK | Uchovávajte na dobre vetranom mieste. |
| SL | Hraniti na dobro prezračevanem mestu. |
| FI | Varastoi paikassa, jossa on hyvä ilmanvaihto. |
| SV | Förvaras på väl ventilerad plats. |
P404 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява в затворен съд. |
| ES | Almacenar en un recipiente cerrado. |
| CS | Skladujte v uzavřeném obalu. |
| DA | Opbevares i en lukket beholder. |
| DE | In einem geschlossenen Behälter aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida suletud mahutis. |
| EL | Φυλάσσεται σε κλειστό περιέκτη. |
| EN | Store in a closed container. |
| FR | Stocker dans un récipient fermé. |
| GA | Stóráil i gcoimeádán iata. |
| IT | Conservare in un recipiente chiuso. |
| LV | Glabāt slēgtā tvertnē. |
| LT | Laikyti uždaroje talpykloje. |
| HU | Zárt edényben tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f’kontenitur magħluq. |
| NL | In gesloten verpakking bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w zamkniętym pojemniku. |
| PT | Armazenar em recipiente fechado. |
| RO | A se depozita într-un recipient închis. |
| SK | Uchovávajte v uzavretej nádobe. |
| SL | Hraniti v zaprti posodi. |
| FI | Varastoi suljettuna. |
| SV | Förvaras i sluten behållare. |
P405 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява под ключ. |
| ES | Guardar bajo llave. |
| CS | Skladujte uzamčené. |
| DA | Opbevares under lås. |
| DE | Unter Verschluss aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida lukustatult. |
| EL | Φυλάσσεται κλειδωμένο. |
| EN | Store locked up. |
| FR | Garder sous clef. |
| GA | Stóráil faoi ghlas. |
| IT | Conservare sotto chiave. |
| LV | Glabāt slēgtā veidā. |
| LT | Laikyti užrakintą. |
| HU | Elzárva tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f'post imsakkar. |
| NL | Achter slot bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać pod zamknięciem. |
| PT | Armazenar em local fechado à chave. |
| RO | A se depozita sub cheie. |
| SK | Uchovávajte uzamknuté. |
| SL | Hraniti zaklenjeno. |
| FI | Varastoi lukitussa tilassa. |
| SV | Förvaras inlåst. |
P406 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява в устойчив на разяждане съд/… съд с устойчива вътрешна облицовка. |
| ES | Almacenar en un recipiente resistente a la corrosión/… con revestimiento interior resistente. |
| CS | Skladujte v obalu odolném proti korozi/… obalu s odolnou vnitřní vrstvou. |
| DA | Opbevares i ætsningsbestandig/…beholder med modstandsdygtig indvendig belægning. |
| DE | In korrosionsbeständigem/… Behälter mit korrosionsbeständiger Auskleidung aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida sööbekindlas/…sööbekindla sisevooderdisega mahutis. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε ανθεκτικό στη διάβρωση/… περιέκτη με ανθεκτική εσωτερική επένδυση. |
| EN | Store in corrosive resistant/… container with a resistant inner liner. |
| FR | Stocker dans un récipient résistant à la corrosion/récipient en … avec doublure intérieure résistant à la corrosion. |
| GA | Stóráil i gcoimeádán … frithchreimneach/… le líneáil frithchreimneach laistigh. |
| IT | Conservare in recipiente resistente alla corrosione/… provvisto di rivestimento interno resistente. |
| LV | Glabāt tvertnē, kas aizsargā pret koroziju/… tvertnes ar iekšējo pretkorozijas izolāciju. |
| LT | Laikyti korozijai atsparioje talpykloje/…, turinčioje atsparią vidinę dangą. |
| HU | Saválló/saválló bélésű … edényben tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f'post reżistenti għall-korrużjoni/… kontenitur li huwa infurrat minn ġewwa b'materjal reżistenti. |
| NL | In corrosiebestendige/… houder met corrosiebestendige binnenbekleding bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w pojemniku odpornym na korozję / … o odpornej powłoce wewnętrznej. |
| PT | Armazenar num recipiente resistente à corrosão/… com um revestimento interior resistente. |
| RO | Depozitaţi într-un recipient rezistent la coroziune/recipient din… cu dublură interioară rezistentă la coroziune. |
| SK | Uchovávajte v nádobe odolnej proti korózii/… nádobe s odolnou vnútornou vrstvou. |
| SL | Hraniti v posodi, odporni proti koroziji/…, z odporno notranjo oblogo. |
| FI | Varastoi syöpymättömässä/… säiliössä, jossa on kestävä sisävuoraus. |
| SV | Förvaras i korrosionsbeständig/… behållare med beständigt innerhölje. |
P407 | Language | |
| BG | Да се остави въздушно пространство между купчините/палетите. |
| ES | Dejar una separación entre los bloques/los palés de carga. |
| CS | Mezi stohy/paletami ponechte vzduchovou mezeru. |
| DA | Obevares med luftmellemrum mellem stakkene/pallerne. |
| DE | Luftspalt zwischen Stapeln/Paletten lassen. |
| ET | Jätta virnade/kaubaaluste vahele õhuvahe. |
| EL | Να υπάρχει κενό αέρος μεταξύ των σωρών/παλετών. |
| EN | Maintain air gap between stacks/pallets. |
| FR | Maintenir un intervalle d’air entre les piles/palettes. |
| GA | Coimeád bearna aeir idir chruacha/phailléid. |
| IT | Mantenere uno spazio libero tra gli scaffali/i pallet. |
| LV | Saglabāt gaisa spraugu starp krāvumiem/paletēm. |
| LT | Palikti oro tarpą tarp eilių/palečių. |
| HU | A rakatok/raklapok között térközt kell hagyni. |
| MT | Ħalli l-arja tgħaddi bejn l-imniezel/il-palits. |
| NL | Ruimte laten tussen stapels/pallets. |
| PL | Zachować szczelinę powietrzną pomiędzy stosami/paletami. |
| PT | Respeitar as distâncias mínimas entre pilhas/paletes. |
| RO | Păstraţi un spaţiu gol între stive/paleți. |
| SK | Medzi regálmi/paletami ponechajte vzduchovú medzeru. |
| SL | Ohraniti zračno režo med skladi/paletami. |
| FI | Jätä pinojen/kuormalavojen väliin ilmarako. |
| SV | Se till att det finns luft mellan staplar/pallar. |
P410 | Language | |
| BG | Да се пази от пряка слънчева светлина. |
| ES | Proteger de la luz del sol. |
| CS | Chraňte před slunečním zářením. |
| DA | Beskyttes mod sollys. |
| DE | Vor Sonnenbestrahlung schützen. |
| ET | Hoida päikesevalguse eest. |
| EL | Να προστατεύεται από τις ηλιακές ακτίνες. |
| EN | Protect from sunlight. |
| FR | Protéger du rayonnement solaire. |
| GA | Cosain ó sholas na gréine. |
| IT | Proteggere dai raggi solari. |
| LV | Aizsargāt no saules gaismas. |
| LT | Saugoti nuo saulės šviesos. |
| HU | Napfénytől védendő. |
| MT | Ipproteġi mid-dawl tax-xemx. |
| NL | Tegen zonlicht beschermen. |
| PL | Chronić przed światłem słonecznym. |
| PT | Manter ao abrigo da luz solar. |
| RO | A se proteja de lumina solară. |
| SK | Chráňte pred slnečným žiarením. |
| SL | Zaščititi pred sončno svetlobo. |
| FI | Suojaa auringonvalolta. |
| SV | Skyddas från solljus. |
P411 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява при температури, не по-високи от … oC/…oF. |
| ES | Almacenar a temperaturas no superiores a … oC/…oF. |
| CS | Skladujte při teplotě nepřesahující … oC/…oF. |
| DA | Opbevares ved en temperatur, som ikke overstiger … oC/…oF. |
| DE | Bei Temperaturen von nicht mehr als … oC/…aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida temperatuuril mitte üle … oC/… oF. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε θερμοκρασίες που δεν υπερβαίνουν τους … oC/…oF. |
| EN | Store at temperatures not exceeding … oC/…oF. |
| FR | Stocker à une température ne dépassant pas … oC/… oF. |
| GA | Stóráil ag teocht nach airde ná … oC/…oF. |
| IT | Conservare a temperature non superiori a … oC/…oF. |
| LV | Uzglabāt temperatūrā, kas nepārsniedz … oC/…oF. |
| LT | Laikyti ne aukštesnėje kaip … oC/…oF temperatūroje. |
| HU | A tárolási hőmérséklet legfeljebb … oC/…oF lehet. |
| MT | Aħżen f’temperaturi li ma jeċċedux … oC/…oF. |
| NL | Bij maximaal … oC/…oF bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w temperaturze nieprzekraczającej … oC/…oF. |
| PT | Armazenar a uma temperatura não superior a … oC/…oF. |
| RO | A se depozita la temperaturi care să nu depăşească … oC/…oF. |
| SK | Uchovávajte pri teplotách do … oC/…oF |
| SL | Hraniti pri temperaturi do … oC/… oF. |
| FI | Varastoi alle … oC/…oF lämpötilassa. |
| SV | Förvaras vid högst … oC/…oF. |
P412 | Language | |
| BG | Да не се излага на температури, по-високи от 50 oC/122oF. |
| ES | No exponer a temperaturas superiores a 50 oC/122oF. |
| CS | Nevystavujte teplotě přesahující 50 oC/122 oF. |
| DA | Må ikke udsættes for en temperatur, som overstiger 50 oC/122oF. |
| DE | Nicht Temperaturen von mehr als 50 oC aussetzen. |
| ET | Mitte hoida temperatuuril üle 50 oC/122 oF. |
| EL | Να μην εκτίθεται σε θερμοκρασίες που υπερβαίνουν τους 50 oC/122oF. |
| EN | Do not expose to temperatures exceeding 50 oC/122oF. |
| FR | Ne pas exposer à une température supérieure à 50 oC/122 oF. |
| GA | Ná nocht do theocht níos airde ná 50 oC/122oF. |
| IT | Non esporre a temperature superiori a 50 oC/122oF. |
| LV | Nepakļaut temperatūrai, kas pārsniedz 50 oC/122oF. |
| LT | Nelaikyti aukštesnėje kaip 50 oC/122oF temperatūroje. |
| HU | Nem érheti 50 oC/122oF hőmérsékletet meghaladó hő. |
| MT | Tesponix għal temperaturi li jeċċedu l-50 oC/122oF. |
| NL | Niet blootstellen aan temperaturen boven 50 oC/122oF. |
| PL | Nie wystawiać na działanie temperatury przekraczającej 50 oC/122 oF. |
| PT | Não expor a temperaturas superiores a 50 oC/122oF. |
| RO | Nu expuneţi la temperaturi care depăşesc 50 oC/122 oF. |
| SK | Nevystavujte teplotám nad 50 oC/122 oF. |
| SL | Ne izpostavljati temperaturam nad 50 oC/122 oF. |
| FI | Ei saa altistaa yli 50 oC/122 oF lämpötiloille. |
| SV | Får inte utsättas för temperaturer över 50 oC/122 oF. |
P413 | Language | |
| BG | При насипни количества, по-големи от … kg/… фунта, да се съхранява при температури, не по-високи от … oC/…oF. |
| ES | Almacenar las cantidades a granel superiores a … kg/… lbs a temperaturas no superiores a … oC/…oF. |
| CS | Množství větší než … kg/… liber skladujte při teplotě nepřesahující … oC/…oF. |
| DA | Bulkmængder på over … kg/…lbs opbevares ved en temperatur, som ikke overstiger … oC/…oF. |
| DE | Schüttgut in Mengen von mehr als … kg bei Temperaturen von nicht mehr als … oC aufbewahren |
| ET | Kogust, mis on suurem kui … kg/… naela, hoida temperatuuril mitte üle … oC/… oF. |
| EL | Οι σωροί χύδην με βάρος άνω των … kg/… lbs αποθηκεύονται σε θερμοκρασίες που δεν υπερβαίνουν τους … oC/…oF. |
| EN | Store bulk masses greater than … kg/… lbs at temperatures not exceeding … oC/…oF. |
| FR | Stocker les quantités en vrac de plus de … kg/… lb à une température ne dépassant pas … oC/… oF. |
| GA | Stóráil bulcmhaiseanna os cionn … kg/… lb ag teocht nach airde ná … oC/…oF. |
| IT | Conservare le rinfuse di peso superiore a …kg/…lb a temperature non superiori a … oC/oF. |
| LV | Lielus apjomus, kas pārsniedz … kg/… lbs, uzglabāt temperatūrā, kas nepārsniedz … oC/…oF. |
| LT | Didesnius kaip … kg/… lbs medžiagos kiekius laikyti ne aukštesnėje kaip … oC/…oF temperatūroje. |
| HU | A … kg/… lb tömeget meghaladó ömlesztett anyag tárolási hőmérséklete legfeljebb … oC/…oF lehet. |
| MT | Aħżen il-kwantitajiet f’massa ta' akbar minn … kg/… lbs f’temperaturi ta' mhux aktar minn … oC/…oF. |
| NL | Bulkmateriaal, indien meer dan … kg/… lbs, bij temperaturen van maximaal … oC bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać luzem masy przekraczające … kg/… funtów w temperaturze nieprzekraczającej … oC/…oF. |
| PT | Armazenar quantidades a granel superiores a … kg/… lbs a uma temperatura não superior a … oC/…oF. |
| RO | Depozitaţi cantităţile în vrac mai mari de … kg/… lbs la temperaturi care să nu depăşească … oC/…oF. |
| SK | Veľké množstvo s hmotnosťou nad … kg/… lbs uchovávajte pri teplote do … oC/…oF. |
| SL | Razsute količine, večje od … kg/… lbs, hraniti pri temperaturi do … oC/… oF. |
| FI | Säilytä yli … kg/…lbs painoinen irtotavara enintään … oC/…oF lämpötilassa. |
| SV | Bulkprodukter som väger mer än … kg/… lbs förvaras vid högst … oC/…oF. |
P420 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява на разстояние от други материали. |
| ES | Almacenar alejado de otros materiales. |
| CS | Skladujte odděleně od ostatních materiálů. |
| DA | Må ikke opbevares i nærheden af andre materialer. |
| DE | Von anderen Materialien entfernt aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida eemal teistest materjalidest. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται μακριά από άλλα υλικά. |
| EN | Store away from other materials. |
| FR | Stocker à l’écart des autres matières. |
| GA | Stóráil glan ar ábhair eile. |
| IT | Conservare lontano da altri materiali. |
| LV | Glabāt atsevišķi no citiem materiāliem. |
| LT | Laikyti atokiau nuo kitų medžiagų. |
| HU | Más anyagoktól távol tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen ‘l bogħod minn materjal ieħor. |
| NL | Gescheiden van ander materiaal bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać z dala od innych materiałów. |
| PT | Armazenar afastado de outros materiais. |
| RO | Depozitaţi departe de alte materiale. |
| SK | Uchovávajte oddelene od iných materiálov. |
| SL | Hraniti ločeno od drugih materialov. |
| FI | Varastoi erillään muista materiaaleista. |
| SV | Förvaras åtskilt från andra material. |
P422 | Language | |
| BG | Съдържанието да се съхранява при… |
| ES | Almacenar el contenido en … |
| CS | Skladujte pod … |
| DA | Indholdet skal opbevares under … |
| DE | Inhalt in/unter … aufbewahren |
| ET | Hoida sisu … |
| EL | Το περιεχόμενο αποθηκεύεται σε … |
| EN | Store contents under … |
| FR | Stocker le contenu sous … |
| GA | Stóráil an t-ábhar faoi … |
| IT | Conservare sotto… |
| LV | Saturu uzglabāt zem… |
| LT | Turinį laikyti … |
| HU | Tartalma … -ban/-ben tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen il-kontenut taħt … |
| NL | Onder … bewaren. |
| PL | Zawartość przechowywać w … |
| PT | Armazenar o conteúdo em … |
| RO | Depozitaţi conţinutul sub … |
| SK | Obsah uchovávajte v … |
| SL | Vsebino hraniti v … |
| FI | Varastoi sisältö … |
| SV | Förvara innehållet i… |
P402 + P404 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява на сухо място. Да се съхранява в затворен съд. |
| ES | Almacenar en un lugar seco. Almacenar en un recipiente cerrado. |
| CS | Skladujte na suchém místě. Skladujte v uzavřeném obalu. |
| DA | Opbevares et tørt sted. Opbevares i en lukket beholder. |
| DE | In einem geschlossenen Behälter an einem trockenen Ort aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida kuivas. Hoida suletud mahutis. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε στεγνό μέρος. Φυλάσσεται σε κλειστό περιέκτη. |
| EN | Store in a dry place. Store in a closed container. |
| FR | Stocker dans un endroit sec. Stocker dans un récipient fermé. |
| GA | Stóráil in áit thirim. Stóráil i gcoimeádán iata. |
| IT | Conservare in luogo asciutto e in recipiente chiuso. |
| LV | Glabāt sausā vietā. Glabāt aizvērtā tvertnē. |
| LT | Laikyti sausoje vietoje. Laikyti uždaroje talpykloje. |
| HU | Száraz helyen tárolandó. Zárt edényben tárolandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f’post niexef. Aħżen f’kontenitur magħluq. |
| NL | Op een droge plaats bewaren. In gesloten verpakking bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w suchym miejscu. Przechowywać w zamkniętym pojemniku. |
| PT | Armazenar em local seco. Armazenar em recipiente fechado. |
| RO | A se depozita într-un loc uscat, într-un recipient închis. |
| SK | Uchovávajte na suchom mieste. Uchovávajte v uzavretej nádobe. |
| SL | Hraniti na suhem. Hraniti v zaprti posodi. |
| FI | Varastoi kuivassa paikassa. Varastoi suljettuna. |
| SV | Förvaras torrt. Förvaras i sluten behållare. |
P403 + P233 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява на добре проветриво място. Съдът да се съхранява плътно затворен. |
| ES | Almacenar en un lugar bien ventilado. Mantener el recipiente cerrado herméticamente. |
| CS | Skladujte na dobře větraném místě. Uchovávejte obal těsně uzavřený. |
| DA | Opbevares på et godt ventileret sted. Hold beholderen tæt lukket. |
| DE | Behälter dicht verschlossen an einem gut belüfteten Ort aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida hästi ventileeritavas kohas. Hoida mahuti tihedalt suletuna. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε καλά αεριζόμενο χώρο. Ο περιέκτης διατηρείται ερμητικά κλειστός. |
| EN | Store in a well-ventilated place. Keep container tightly closed. |
| FR | Stocker dans un endroit bien ventilé. Maintenir le récipient fermé de manière étanche. |
| GA | Stóráil in áit dhea-aeráilte. Coimeád an coimeádán dúnta go docht. |
| IT | Tenere il recipiente ben chiuso e in luogo ben ventilato. |
| LV | Glabāt labi vēdināmās telpās. Tvertni turēt cieši noslēgtu. |
| LT | Laikyti gerai vėdinamoje vietoje. Talpyklą laikyti sandariai uždarytą. |
| HU | Jól szellőző helyen tárolandó. Az edény szorosan lezárva tartandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f'post b'ventilazzjoni tajba. Żomm il-kontenitur magħluq sew. |
| NL | Op een goed geventileerde plaats bewaren. In goed gesloten verpakking bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w dobrze wentylowanym miejscu. Przechowywać pojemnik szczelnie zamknięty. |
| PT | Armazenar em local bem ventilado. Manter o recipiente bem fechado. |
| RO | A se depozita într-un spaţiu bine ventilat. Păstraţi recipientul închis etanş. |
| SK | Uchovávajte na dobre vetranom mieste. Nádobu uchovávajte tesne uzavretú. |
| SL | Hraniti na dobro prezračevanem mestu. Hraniti v tesno zaprti posodi. |
| FI | Varastoi paikassa, jossa on hyvä ilmanvaihto. Säilytä tiiviisti suljettuna. |
| SV | Förvaras på väl ventilerad plats. Förpackningen ska förvaras väl tillsluten. |
P403 + P235 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява на добре проветриво място. Да се съхранява на хладно. |
| ES | Almacenar en un lugar bien ventilado. Mantener en lugar fresco. |
| CS | Skladujte na dobře větraném místě. Uchovávejte v chladu. |
| DA | Opbevares på et godt ventileret sted. Opbevares køligt. |
| DE | Kühl an einem gut belüfteten Ort aufgewahren. |
| ET | Hoida hästi ventileeritavas kohas. Hoida jahedas. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε καλά αεριζόμενο χώρο. Διατηρείται δροσερό. |
| EN | Store in a well-ventilated place. Keep cool. |
| FR | Stocker dans un endroit bien ventilé. Tenir au frais. |
| GA | Stóráil in áit dhea-aeráilte. Coimeád fionnuar. |
| IT | Conservare in luogo fresco e ben ventilato. |
| LV | Glabāt labi vēdināmās telpās. Turēt vēsumā. |
| LT | Laikyti gerai vėdinamoje vietoje. Laikyti vėsioje vietoje. |
| HU | Jól szellőző helyen tárolandó. Hűvös helyen tartandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f'post b'ventilazzjoni tajba. Żomm frisk. |
| NL | Op een goed geventileerde plaats bewaren. Koel bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w dobrze wentylowanym miejscu. Przechowywać w chłodnym miejscu. |
| PT | Armazenar em local bem ventilado. Conservar em ambiente fresco. |
| RO | A se depozita într-un spaţiu bine ventilat. A se păstra la rece. |
| SK | Uchovávajte na dobre vetranom mieste. Uchovávajte v chlade. |
| SL | Hraniti na dobro prezračevanem mestu. Hraniti na hladnem. |
| FI | Varastoi paikassa, jossa on hyvä ilmanvaihto. Säilytä viileässä. |
| SV | Förvaras på väl ventilerad plats. Förvaras svalt. |
P410 + P403 | Language | |
| BG | Да се пази от пряка слънчева светлина. Да се съхранява на добре проветриво място. |
| ES | Proteger de la luz del sol. Almacenar en un lugar bien ventilado. |
| CS | Chraňte před slunečním zářením. Skladujte na dobře větraném místě. |
| DA | Beskyttes mod sollys. Opbevares på et godt ventileret sted. |
| DE | Vor Sonnenbestrahlung geschützt an einem gut belüfteten Ort aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida päikesevalguse eest. Hoida hästi ventileeritavas kohas. |
| EL | Να προστατεύεται από τις ηλιακές ακτίνες. Αποθηκεύεται σε καλά αεριζόμενο χώρο. |
| EN | Protect from sunlight. Store in a well-ventilated place. |
| FR | Protéger du rayonnement solaire. Stocker dans un endroit bien ventilé. |
| GA | Cosain ó sholas na gréine. Stóráil in áit dhea-aeráilte. |
| IT | Proteggere dai raggi solari. Conservare in luogo ben ventilato. |
| LV | Aizsargāt no saules gaismas. Glabāt labi vēdināmās telpās. |
| LT | Saugoti nuo saulės šviesos. Laikyti gerai vėdinamoje vietoje. |
| HU | Napfénytől védendő. Jól szellőző helyen tárolandó. |
| MT | Ipproteġi mid-dawl tax-xemx. Aħżen f'post b'ventilazzjoni tajba. |
| NL | Tegen zonlicht beschermen. Op een goed geventileerde plaats bewaren. |
| PL | Chronić przed światłem słonecznym. Przechowywać w dobrze wentylowanym miejscu. |
| PT | Manter ao abrigo da luz solar. Armazenar em local bem ventilado. |
| RO | A se proteja de lumina solară. A se depozita într-un spaţiu bine ventilat. |
| SK | Chráňte pred slnečným žiarením. Uchovávajte na dobre vetranom mieste. |
| SL | Zaščititi pred sončno svetlobo. Hraniti na dobro prezračevanem mestu. |
| FI | Suojaa auringonvalolta. Varastoi paikassa, jossa on hyvä ilmanvaihto. |
| SV | Skyddas från solljus. Förvaras på väl ventilerad plats. |
P410 + P412 | Language | |
| BG | Да се пази от пряка слънчева светлина. Да не се излага на температури, по-високи от 50 oC/122oF. |
| ES | Proteger de la luz del sol. No exponer a temperaturas superiores a 50 oC/122oF. |
| CS | Chraňte před slunečním zářením. Nevystavujte teplotě přesahující 50 oC/122oF. |
| DA | Beskyttes mod sollys. Må ikke udsættes for en temperatur, som overstiger 50 oC/122oF. |
| DE | Vor Sonnenbestrahlung schützen und nicht Temperaturen von mehr als 50 oC aussetzen. |
| ET | Hoida päikesevalguse eest. Mitte hoida temperatuuril üle 50 oC/122 oF. |
| EL | Να προστατεύεται από τις ηλιακές ακτίνες. Να μην εκτίθεται σε θερμοκρασίες που υπερβαίνουν τους 50 oC/122oF. |
| EN | Protect from sunlight. Do no expose to temperatures exceeding 50 oC/122oF. |
| FR | Protéger du rayonnement solaire. Ne pas exposer à une température supérieure à 50 oC/122 oF. |
| GA | Cosain ó sholas na gréine. Ná nocht do theocht níos airde ná 50 oC/122oF. |
| IT | Proteggere dai raggi solari. Non esporre a temperature superiori a 50 oC/122oF. |
| LV | Aizsargāt no saules gaismas. Nepakļaut temperatūrai, kas pārsniedz 50 oC/122oF. |
| LT | Saugoti nuo saulės šviesos. Nelaikyti aukštesnėje kaip 50 oC/122oF temperatūroje. |
| HU | Napfénytől védendő. Nem érheti 50 oC/122oF hőmérsékletet meghaladó hő. |
| MT | Ipproteġi mid-dawl tax-xemx. Tesponix għal temperatura li teċċedi l-50 oC/122oF. |
| NL | Tegen zonlicht beschermen. Niet blootstellen aan temperaturen boven 50 oC/122oF. |
| PL | Chronić przed światłem słonecznym. Nie wystawiać na działanie temperatury przekraczającej 50 oC/122 oF. |
| PT | Manter ao abrigo da luz solar. Não expor a temperaturas superiores a 50 oC/122oF. |
| RO | A se proteja de lumina solară. Nu expuneţi la temperaturi care depăşesc 50 oC/122 oF. |
| SK | Chráňte pred slnečným žiarením. Nevystavujte teplotám nad 50 oC/122 oF. |
| SL | Zaščititi pred sončno svetlobo. Ne izpostavljati temperaturam nad 50 oC/122 oF. |
| FI | Suojaa auringonvalolta. Ei saa altistaa yli 50 oC/122 oF lämpötiloille. |
| SV | Skyddas från solljus. Får inte utsättas för temperaturer över 50 oC/122 oF. |
P411 + P235 | Language | |
| BG | Да се съхранява при температури, не по-високи от … oC/…oF. Да се държи на хладно. |
| ES | Almacenar a temperaturas no superiores a … oC/…oF. Mantener en lugar fresco. |
| CS | Skladujte při teplotě nepřesahující … oC/…oF. Uchovávejte v chladu. |
| DA | Opbevares ved en temperatur, som ikke overstiger … oC/…oF. Opbevares køligt. |
| DE | Kühl und bei Temperaturen von nicht mehr als … oC aufbewahren. |
| ET | Hoida temperatuuril mitte üle … oC/… oF. Hoida jahedas. |
| EL | Αποθηκεύεται σε θερμοκρασίες που δεν υπερβαίνουν τους … oC/…oF. Διατηρείται δροσερό. |
| EN | Store at temperatures not exceeding … oC/…oF. Keep cool. |
| FR | Stocker à une température ne dépassant pas … oC/… oF. Tenir au frais. |
| GA | Stóráil ag teocht nach airde ná … oC/…oF. Coimeád fionnuar. |
| IT | Conservare in luogo fresco a temperature non superiori a … oC/…oF. |
| LV | Glabāt temperatūrā, kas nepārsniedz … oC/…oF. Turēt vēsumā. |
| LT | Laikyti ne aukštesnėje kaip … oC/…oF temperatūroje. Laikyti vėsioje vietoje. |
| HU | A tárolási hőmérséklet legfeljebb … oC/…oF lehet. Hűvös helyen tartandó. |
| MT | Aħżen f’temperaturi li ma jeċċedux … oC/…oF. Żomm frisk. |
| NL | Bij maximaal … oC/…oF bewaren. Koel bewaren. |
| PL | Przechowywać w temperaturze nieprzekraczającej … oC/…oF. Przechowywać w chłodnym miejscu. |
| PT | Armazenar a uma temperatura não superior a … oC/…oF. Conservar em ambiente fresco. |
| RO | A se depozita la temperaturi care să nu depăşească … oC/…oF. A se păstra la rece. |
| SK | Uchovávajte pri teplotách do … oC/…oF. Uchovávajte v chlade. |
| SL | Hraniti pri temperaturi do … oC/… oF. Hraniti na hladnem. |
| FI | Varastoi alle … oC/…oF lämpötilassa. Säilytä viileässä. |
| SV | Förvaras vid högst … oC/…oF. Förvaras svalt. |
Table 1.5
Precautionary statements — Disposal
P501 | Language | |
| BG | Съдържанието/съдът да се изхвърли в … |
| ES | Eliminar el contenido/el recipiente en … |
| CS | Odstraňte obsah/obal … |
| DA | Indholdet/beholderen bortskaffes i … |
| DE | Inhalt/Behälter … zuführen. |
| ET | Sisu/mahuti kõrvaldada … |
| EL | Διάθεση του περιεχομένου/περιέκτη σε … |
| EN | Dispose of contents/container to … |
| FR | Éliminer le contenu/récipient dans … |
| GA | Diúscair an t-ábhar/an coimeádán i … |
| IT | Smaltire il prodotto/recipiente in … |
| LV | Atbrīvoties no satura/tvertnes… |
| LT | Turinį/talpyklą išpilti (išmesti) į … |
| HU | A tartalom/edény elhelyezése hulladékként: … |
| MT | Armi l-kontenut/il-kontenitur fi … |
| NL | Inhoud/verpakking afvoeren naar … |
| PL | Zawartość/pojemnik usuwać do … |
| PT | Eliminar o conteúdo/recipiente em … |
| RO | Aruncaţi conţinutul/recipientul la … |
| SK | Zneškodnite obsah/nádobu … |
| SL | Odstraniti vsebino/posodo … |
| FI | Hävitä sisältö/pakkaus … |
| SV | Innehållet/behållaren lämnas till… |
--------------------------------------------------
ANNEX V
HAZARD PICTOGRAMS
INTRODUCTION
The hazard pictograms for each hazard class, differentiation of a hazard class and hazard category shall satisfy the provisions of this Annex and Annex I, section 1.2 and conform, in terms of colour, symbols and general format, to the specimens shown.
1. PART 1: PHYSICAL HAZARDS
1.1. Symbol: exploding bomb
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS01 | Section 2.1 Unstable explosives Explosives of Divisions 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4 Section 2.8 Self reactive substances and mixtures, Types A, B Section 2.15 Organic peroxides, Types A, B |
1.2. Symbol: flame
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS02 | Section 2.2 Flammable gases, hazard category 1 Section 2.3 Flammable aerosols, hazard categories 1, 2 Section 2.6 Flammable liquids, hazard categories 1, 2, 3 Section 2.7 Flammable solids, hazard categories 1, 2 Section 2.8 Self-reactive substances and mixtures, Types B, C, D, E, F Section 2.9 Pyrophoric liquids, hazard category 1 Section 2.10 Pyrophoric solids, hazard category 1 Section 2.11 Self-heating substances and mixtures, hazard categories 1, 2 Section 2.12 Substances and mixtures, which in contact with water, emit flammable gases, hazard categories 1, 2, 3 Section 2.15 Organic peroxides, Types B, C, D, E, F |
1.3. Symbol: flame over circle
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS03 | Section 2.4 Oxidising gases, hazard category 1 Section 2.13 Oxidising liquids, hazard categories 1, 2, 3 Section 2.14 Oxidising solids, hazard categories 1, 2, 3 |
1.4. Symbol: gas cylinder
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS04 | Section 2.5 Gases under pressure: Compressed gases; Liquefied gases; Refrigerated liquefied gases; Dissolved gases |
1.5. Symbol: corrosion
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS05 | Section 2.16 Corrosive to metals, hazard category 1 |
1.6. A pictogram is not required for the following physical hazard classes and hazard categories:
Section 2.1: Explosives of Division 1.5
Section 2.1: Explosives of Division 1.6
Section 2.2: Flammable gases, hazard Category 2
Section 2.8: Self-reactive substances and mixtures, Type G
Section 2.15: Organic peroxides, Type G
2. PART 2: HEALTH HAZARDS
2.1. Symbol: skull and crossbones
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS06 | Section 3.1 Acute toxicity (oral, dermal, inhalation), hazard categories 1, 2, 3 |
2.2. Symbol: corrosion
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS05 | Section 3.2 Skin corrosion, hazard categories 1A, 1B, 1C Section 3.3 Serious eye damage, hazard category 1 |
2.3. Symbol: exclamation mark
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS07 | Section 3.1 Acute toxicity (oral, dermal, inhalation), hazard category 4 Section 3.2 Skin irritation, hazard category 2 Section 3.3 Eye irritation, hazard category 2 Section 3.4 Skin sensitisation, hazard category 1 Section 3.8 Specific Target Organ Toxicity — Single exposure, hazard category 3 Respiratory tract irritation Narcotic effects |
2.4. Symbol: health hazard
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS08 | Section 3.4 Respiratory sensitisation, hazard category 1 Section 3.5 Germ cell mutagenicity, hazard categories 1A, 1B, 2 Section 3.6 Carcinogenicity, hazard categories 1A, 1B, 2 Section 3.7 Reproductive toxicity, hazard categories 1A, 1B, 2 Section 3.8 Specific Target Organ Toxicity — Single exposure, hazard categories 1, 2 Section 3.9 Specific Target Organ Toxicity — Repeated exposure, hazard categories 1, 2 Section 3.10 Aspiration hazard, hazard category 1 |
2.5. A pictogram is not required for the following health hazard categories:
Section 3.7: Reproductive toxicity, Effects on or via lactation, additional hazard category
3. PART 3: ENVIRONMENTAL HAZARDS
3.1. Symbol: environment
Pictogram (1) | Hazard class and hazard category (2) |
+++++ TIFF +++++
GHS09 | Section 4.1 Hazardous to the aquatic environment Acute hazard category 1Chronic hazard categories 1, 2 |
A pictogram is not required for the following environmental hazard classes and hazard categories:
Section 4.1: Hazardous to the aquatic environment — Chronic hazard categories 3, 4
--------------------------------------------------
ANNEX VI
Harmonised classification and labelling for certain hazardous substances
Part 1 of this Annex provides an introduction to the list of harmonised classification and labelling, including information listed for each entry and related classifications and hazard statements in Table 3.1, subject to certain considerations arising from translating the classifications listed in Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC.
Part 2 of this Annex lays down general principles for preparing dossiers to propose and justify harmonised classification and labelling of substances at Community level.
Part 3 of this Annex lists hazardous substances for which harmonised classification and labelling have been established at Community level. In Table 3.1 the classification and labelling are based on the criteria in Annex I to this Regulation. In Table 3.2 classification and labelling are based on the criteria in Annex VI to Directive 67/548/EEC.
1. PART 1: INTRODUCTION TO THE LIST OF HARMONISED CLASSIFICATIONS AND LABELLING
1.1. Information listed for each entry
1.1.1. Numbering of entries and identification of a substance
1.1.1.1. Index numbers
Entries in Part 3 are listed according to the atomic number of the element most characteristic of the properties of the substance. Organic substances, because of their variety, have been placed in classes. The Index number for each substance is in the form of a digit sequence of the type ABC-RST-VW-Y. ABC corresponds to the atomic number of the most characteristic element or the most characteristic organic group in the molecule. RST is the consecutive number of the substance in the series ABC. VW denotes the form in which the substance is produced or placed on the market. Y is the check-digit calculated in accordance with the 10-digit ISBN method. This number is indicated in the column entitled "Index No".
1.1.1.2. EC numbers
The EC number, i.e. EINECS, ELINCS or NLP, is the official number of the substance within the European Union. The EINECS number can be obtained from the European Inventory of Existing Commercial Chemical Substance (EINECS) [1]. The ELINCS number can be obtained from the European List of Notified Substances (as amended) (EUR 22543 EN, Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 2006, ISSN 1018-5593). The NLP number can be obtained from the list of "No-longer-polymers" (as amended) (Document, Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 1997, ISBN 92-827-8995-0). The EC number is a seven-digit system of the type XXX-XXX-X which starts at 200-001-8 (EINECS), at 400-010-9 (ELINCS) and at 500-001-0 (NLP). This number is indicated in the column entitled "EC No".
1.1.1.3. CAS number
The Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) number is also included to assist identification of the entry. It should be noted that the EINECS number includes both anhydrous and hydrated forms of a substance, and there are frequently different CAS numbers for anhydrous and hydrated forms. The CAS number included is for the anhydrous form only, and therefore the CAS number shown does not always describe the entry as accurately as the EINECS number. This number is indicated in the column entitled "CAS No".
1.1.1.4. International Chemical Identification
Wherever possible, hazardous substances are designated by their IUPAC names. Substances listed in EINECS, ELINCS or the list of "No-longer-polymers" are designated using the names in these lists. Other names, such as usual or common names, are included in some cases. Whenever possible, plant protection products and biocides are designated by their ISO names.
Impurities, additives and minor components are normally not mentioned unless they contribute significantly to the classification of the substance.
Some substances are described with a specific percentage of purity. Substances containing a higher content of active material (e.g. organic peroxide) than this percentage are not included in the entry in Part 3 and may have other hazardous properties (e.g. explosive) and should be classified and labelled accordingly.
Where specific concentration limits are shown, these apply to the substance or substances shown in the entry. In particular, in the case of entries which are mixtures of substances or substances described with a specific percentage of purity, the limits apply to the substance as described in Part 3 and not the pure substance.
Without prejudice to Article 17(2), for substances appearing in Part 3, the name of the substance to be used on the label shall be one of the designations given there. For certain substances, additional information has been added in square brackets in order to help identify the substance. This additional information need not be included on the label.
Certain entries contain a reference to impurities; in these cases the name of the substance is followed by the text: "(containing ≥ xx % impurity)". The reference in brackets is then to be considered as a part of the name, and must be included on the label.
1.1.1.5. Entries for groups of substances
A number of group entries are included in Part 3. In these cases, the classification and labelling requirements will apply to all substances covered by the description.
In some cases, there are classification and labelling requirements for specific substances that would be covered by the group entry. In such cases a specific entry is included in Part 3 for the substance and the group entry will be annotated with the phrase "except those specified elsewhere in this Annex".
In some cases, individual substances may be covered by more than one group entry. In these cases, the classification of the substance reflects the classification for each of the two group entries. In cases where different classifications for the same hazard are given, the most severe classification shall be applied.
Entries in Part 3 for salts (under any denomination) cover both anhydrous and hydrous forms, unless specified otherwise.
EC or CAS numbers are not usually included for entries which comprise more than four individual substances.
1.1.2. Information related to the classification and labelling of each entry in Table 3.1
1.1.2.1. Classification codes
1.1.2.1.1. Hazard class and category codes
The classification for each entry is based on the criteria set out in Annex I, in accordance with Article 13(a) and is presented in the form of a code representing the hazard class and the category or categories/divisions/types within this hazard class.
The Hazard class and category codes used for each of the hazard categories/divisions/types included in a class are shown in Table 1.1.
Table 1.1
Hazard Class | Hazard Class and Category Code |
Explosive | Unst. Expl. Expl. 1.1 Expl. 1.2 Expl. 1.3 Expl. 1.4 Expl. 1.5 Expl. 1.6 |
Flammable gas | Flam. Gas 1 Flam. Gas 2 |
Flammable aerosol | Flam. Aerosol 1 Flam. Aerosol 2 |
Oxidising gas | Ox. Gas 1 |
Gases under pressure | Press. Gas [**] |
Flammable liquid | Flam. Liq. 1 Flam. Liq. 2 Flam. Liq. 3 |
Flammable solid | Flam. Sol. 1 Flam. Sol. 2 |
Self-reactive substance or mixture | Self-react. A Self-react. B Self-react. CD Self-react. EF Self-react. G |
Pyrophoric liquid | Pyr. Liq. 1 |
Pyrophoric solid | Pyr. Sol. 1 |
Self-heating substance or mixture | Self-heat. 1 Self-heat. 2 |
Substance or mixture which in contact with water emits flammable gas | Water-react. 1 Water-react. 2 Water-react. 3 |
Oxidising liquid | Ox. Liq. 1 Ox. Liq. 2 Ox. Liq. 3 |
Oxidising solid | Ox. Sol. 1 Ox. Sol. 2 Ox. Sol. 3 |
Organic peroxide | Org. Perox. A Org. Perox. B Org. Perox. CD Org. Perox. EF Org. Perox. G |
Substance or mixture corrosive to metals | Met. Corr. 1 |
Acute toxicity | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 Acute Tox. 3 Acute Tox. 4 |
Skin corrosion/irritation | Skin Corr. 1A Skin Corr. 1B Skin Corr. 1C Skin Irrit. 2 |
Serious eye damage/eye irritation | Eye Dam. 1 Eye Irrit. 2 |
Respiratory/skin sensitization | Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 |
Germ cell mutagenicity | Muta. 1A Muta. 1B Muta. 2 |
Carcinogenicity | Carc. 1A Carc. 1B Carc. 2 |
Reproductive toxicity | Repr. 1A Repr. 1B Repr. 2 Lact. |
Specific target organ toxicity — single exposure | STOT SE 1 STOT SE 2 STOT SE 3 |
Specific target organ toxicity — repeated exposure | STOT RE 1 STOT RE 2 |
Aspiration hazard | Asp. Tox. 1 |
Hazardous to the aquatic environment | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 Aquatic Chronic 4 |
Hazardous for the ozone layer | Ozone |
1.1.2.1.2. Hazard statement codes
The hazard statements assigned in accordance with Article 13(b), are indicated in accordance with Annex III. In addition, for certain hazard statements letters are added to the 3-digit code. The following additional codes are used:
H350i | May cause cancer by inhalation. |
H360F | May damage fertility. |
H360D | May damage the unborn child. |
H361f | Suspected of damaging fertility. |
H361d | Suspected of damaging the unborn child. |
H360FD | May damage fertility. May damage the unborn child. |
H361fd | Suspected of damaging fertility. Suspected of damaging the unborn child. |
H360Fd | May damage fertility. Suspected of damaging the unborn child. |
H360Df | May damage the unborn child. Suspected of damaging fertility. |
1.1.2.2. Labelling codes
In the labelling column, the following elements are listed:
(i) the hazard pictogram codes as specified in Annex V, in accordance with the precedence rules in Article 26;
(ii) the signal word code "Dgr" for "Danger"or "Wng" for "Warning", in accordance with the precedence rule in Article 20(3);
(iii) the hazard statement codes as specified in Annex III, in accordance with the classification;
(iv) the codes for the supplemental statements assigned in accordance with Article 25(1) and the rules specified in Annex II, part 1.
1.1.2.3. Specific concentration limits and M-factors
Specific concentration limits, where different from the generic concentration limits given in Annex I for a certain category, are given in a separate column together with the classification concerned using the same codes as under 1.1.2.1.1. Where no specific concentration limits are given in this Annex for a certain category, the generic concentration limits given in Annex I must be applied for the classification of substances containing impurities, additives or individual constituents or for mixtures. An asterisk (*) in this column indicates that the entry has specific concentration limits for acute toxicity under Directive 67/548/EEC (Table 3.2): see also section 1.2.1.
Unless otherwise shown, the concentration limits are a percentage by weight of the substance calculated with reference to the total weight of the mixture.
In case an M-factor has been harmonised for substances classified as hazardous to the aquatic environment in the categories Aquatic Acute 1 or Aquatic Chronic 1, this M-factor is given in the same column as the specific concentration limits. Where an M-factor is not given in Table 3.1, an M-factor based on available data for the substance shall be set by the manufacturer, importer or downstream user. When a mixture including the substance is classified by the manufacturer, importer or downstream user using the summation method, this M-factor shall be used. For the setting of M-factors, see paragraph 4.1.3.5.5.5 of Annex I.
1.1.3. Notes assigned to an entry
The note(s) assigned to an entry are listed in the column entitled "Notes". The meaning of the notes is as follows:
1.1.3.1. Notes relating to the identification, classification and labelling of substances
Note A:
Without prejudice to Article 17(2), the name of the substance must appear on the label in the form of one of the designations given in Part 3.
In Part 3, use is sometimes made of a general description such as "... compounds" or "... salts". In this case, the supplier is required to state on the label the correct name, due account being taken of section 1.1.1.4.
Note B:
Some substances (acids, bases, etc.) are placed on the market in aqueous solutions at various concentrations and, therefore, these solutions require different classification and labelling since the hazards vary at different concentrations.
In Part 3 entries with Note B have a general designation of the following type: "nitric acid … %".
In this case the supplier must state the percentage concentration of the solution on the label. Unless otherwise stated, it is assumed that the percentage concentration is calculated on a weight/weight basis.
Note C:
Some organic substances may be marketed either in a specific isomeric form or as a mixture of several isomers.
In this case the supplier must state on the label whether the substance is a specific isomer or a mixture of isomers.
Note D:
Certain substances which are susceptible to spontaneous polymerisation or decomposition are generally placed on the market in a stabilised form. It is in this form that they are listed in Part 3.
However, such substances are sometimes placed on the market in a non-stabilised form. In this case, the supplier must state on the label the name of the substance followed by the words "non-stabilised".
Note E (Table 3.2):
Substances with specific effects on human health (see Chapter 4 of Annex VI to Directive 67/548/EEC) that are classified as carcinogenic, mutagenic and/or toxic for reproduction in categories 1 or 2 are ascribed Note E if they are also classified as very toxic (T+), toxic (T) or harmful (Xn). For these substances, the risk phrases R20, R21, R22, R23, R24, R25, R26, R27, R28, R39, R68 (harmful), R48 and R65 and all combinations of these risk phrases shall be preceded by the word "Also".
Note F:
This substance may contain a stabiliser. If the stabiliser changes the hazardous properties of the substance, as indicated by the classification in Part 3, classification and labelling should be provided in accordance with the rules for classification and labelling of hazardous mixtures.
Note G:
This substance may be marketed in an explosive form in which case it must be evaluated using the appropriate test methods. The classification and labelling provided shall reflect the explosive properties.
Note H (Table 3.1):
The classification and labelling shown for this substance applies to the hazardous property(ies) indicated by the hazard statement(s) in combination with the hazard class(es) and category(ies) shown. The requirements of Article 4 for manufacturers, importers or downstream users of this substance apply to all other hazard classes and categories. For hazard classes where the route of exposure or the nature of the effects leads to a differentiation of the classification of the hazard class, the manufacturer, importer or downstream user is required to consider the routes of exposure or the nature of the effects not already considered.
The final label shall follow the requirements of Article 17 and of section 1.2 of Annex I.
Note H (Table 3.2):
The classification and label shown for this substance applies to the dangerous property(ies) indicated by the risk phrase(s) in combination with the category(ies) of danger shown. Manufacturers, importers and downstream users of this substance shall be obliged to carry out an investigation to make themselves aware of the relevant and accessible data which exists for all other properties to classify and label the substance. The final label shall follow the requirements of section 7 of Annex VI to Directive 67/548/EEC.
Note J:
The classification as a carcinogen or mutagen need not apply if it can be shown that the substance contains less than 0,1 % w/w benzene (EINECS No 200-753-7). This note applies only to certain complex coal- and oil-derived substances in Part 3.
Note K:
The classification as a carcinogen or mutagen need not apply if it can be shown that the substance contains less than 0,1 % w/w 1,3-butadiene (EINECS No 203-450-8). If the substance is not classified as a carcinogen or mutagen, at least the precautionary statements (P102-)P210-P403 (Table 3.1) or the S-phrases (2-)9-16 (Table 3.2) should apply. This note applies only to certain complex oil-derived substances in Part 3.
Note L:
The classification as a carcinogen need not apply if it can be shown that the substance contains less than 3 % DMSO extract as measured by IP 346 "Determination of polycyclic aromatics in unused lubricating base oils and asphaltene free petroleum fractions — Dimethyl sulphoxide extraction refractive index method", Institute of Petroleum, London. This note applies only to certain complex oil-derived substances in Part 3.
Note M:
The classification as a carcinogen need not apply if it can be shown that the substance contains less than 0,005 % w/w benzo[a]-pyrene (EINECS No 200-028-5). This note applies only to certain complex coal-derived substances in Part 3.
Note N:
The classification as a carcinogen need not apply if the full refining history is known and it can be shown that the substance from which it is produced is not a carcinogen. This note applies only to certain complex oil-derived substances in Part 3.
Note P:
The classification as a carcinogen or mutagen need not apply if it can be shown that the substance contains less than 0,1 % w/w benzene (EINECS No 200-753-7).
When the substance is not classified as a carcinogen at least the precautionary statements (P102-)P260-P262-P301 + P310-P331 (Table 3.1) or the S-phrases (2-)23-24-62 (Table 3.2) shall apply.
This note applies only to certain complex oil-derived substances in Part 3.
Note Q:
The classification as a carcinogen need not apply if it can be shown that the substance fulfils one of the following conditions:
- a short term biopersistence test by inhalation has shown that the fibres longer than 20 μm have a weighted half-life less than 10 days; or
- a short term biopersistence test by intratracheal instillation has shown that the fibres longer than 20 μm have a weighted half-life less than 40 days; or
- an appropriate intra-peritoneal test has shown no evidence of excess carcinogenicity; or
- absence of relevant pathogenicity or neoplastic changes in a suitable long term inhalation test.
Note R:
The classification as a carcinogen need not apply to fibres with a length weighted geometric mean diameter less two standard geometric errors greater than 6 μm.
Note S:
This substance may not require a label according to Article 17 (see section 1.3 of Annex I) (Table 3.1).
This substance may not require a label according to Article 23 of Directive 67/548/EEC (see section 8 of Annex VI to that Directive) (Table 3.2).
Note T:
This substance may be marketed in a form which does not have the physical hazards as indicated by the classification in the entry in Part 3. If the results of the relevant method or methods in accordance with Part 2 of Annex I of this Regulation show that the specific form of substance marketed does not exhibit this physical property or these physical hazards, the substance shall be classified in accordance with the result or results of this test or these tests. Relevant information, including reference to the relevant test method(s) shall be included in the safety data sheet.
Note U (Table 3.1):
When put on the market gases have to be classified as "Gases under pressure", in one of the groups compressed gas, liquefied gas, refrigerated liquefied gas or dissolved gas. The group depends on the physical state in which the gas is packaged and therefore has to be assigned case by case.
1.1.3.2. Notes relating to the classification and labelling of mixtures
Note 1:
The concentration stated or, in the absence of such concentrations, the generic concentrations of this Regulation (Table 3.1) or the generic concentrations of Directive 1999/45/EC (Table 3.2), are the percentages by weight of the metallic element calculated with reference to the total weight of the mixture.
Note 2:
The concentration of isocyanate stated is the percentage by weight of the free monomer calculated with reference to the total weight of the mixture.
Note 3:
The concentration stated is the percentage by weight of chromate ions dissolved in water calculated with reference to the total weight of the mixture.
Note 5:
The concentration limits for gaseous mixtures are expressed as volume per volume percentage.
Note 7:
Alloys containing nickel are classified for skin sensitisation when the release rate of 0,5 μg Ni/cm2/week, as measured by the European Standard reference test method EN 1811, is exceeded.
1.1.4. Information related to the classification and labelling of each entry in Table 3.2
1.1.4.1. Classification codes
The classification for each category of danger (as defined in Article 2(2) of Directive 67/548/EEC) is normally presented in the form of an abbreviation representing the category of danger together with the appropriate risk phrase or phrases. However, in some cases (i.e. substances classified as flammable, sensitising and some substances classified as dangerous for the environment) the risk phrase alone is used;
The abbreviation for each of the categories of danger is shown below:
- explosive: E
- oxidising: O
- extremely flammable: F+
- highly flammable: F
- flammable: R10
- very toxic: T+
- Toxic: T
- harmful: Xn
- corrosive: C
- irritant: Xi
- sensitising: R42 and/or R43
- carcinogenic: Carc. Cat. (1, 2 or 3)
- mutagenic: Muta. Cat. (1, 2 or 3)
- toxic for reproduction: Repr. Cat. (1, 2 or 3)
- dangerous for the environment: N or R52 and/or R53;
1.1.4.2. Labelling codes
(i) the letter assigned to the substance in accordance with Annex II to Directive 67/548/EEC (see Article 23(2)(c) Directive 67/548/EEC). This acts as an abbreviation for the symbol and for the indication of danger (if these are assigned);
(ii) the risk phrases, denoted as a series of numbers preceded by the letter R indicating the nature of the special risks, in accordance with Annex III to Directive 67/548/EEC (see Article 23(2)(d) Directive 67/548/EEC). The numbers are separated by either a dash (-) to denote separate statements concerning special risks (R), or an oblique stroke (/) to denote a combined statement, in a single sentence, of the special risks as set out in Annex III to Directive 67/548/EEC;
(iii) the safety phrases denoted as a series of numbers preceded by the letter S indicating the recommended safety precautions, in accordance with Annex IV to Directive 67/548/EEC (see Article 23(2)(e) Directive 67/548/EEC). Again the numbers are separated by either a dash or an oblique stroke; the significance of recommended safety precautions is set out in Annex IV to Directive 67/548/EEC. The safety phrases shown apply only to substances; for mixtures, phrases are selected according to the usual rules.
Note that for certain dangerous substances and mixtures sold to the general public certain S-phrases are mandatory.
S1, S2 and S45 are obligatory for all very toxic, toxic and corrosive substances and mixtures sold to the general public.
S2 and S46 are obligatory for all other dangerous substances and mixtures sold to the general public other than those that have only been classified as dangerous for the environment.
Safety phrases S1 and S2 are shown in brackets in Annex I and can only be omitted from the label when the substance or mixture is sold for industrial use only.
1.1.4.3. Specific Concentration Limits
The concentration limits and associated classifications are necessary to classify dangerous mixtures containing the substance in accordance with Directive 1999/45/EC.
Unless otherwise shown, the concentration limits are a percentage by weight of the substance calculated with reference to the total weight of the mixture.
Where no concentration limits are given, the concentration limits to be used when applying the conventional method of assessing health hazards are those in Annex II, and when applying the conventional method of assessing environmental hazards are those in Annex III to Directive 1999/45/EC.
1.1.4.4. Non-conformity with Table 3.1 for physical hazards
It is recommended to update the physical hazards of some entries in Table 3.2 in a forthcoming adaptation to technical progress.
Until these entries are updated, the physical hazards of the corresponding entries in both tables will not be in conformity. These entries are indicated with reference ⊗ in Table 3.2.
1.2. Classifications and hazard statements in table 3.1 arising from translation of classifications listed in Annex i to directive 67/548/EEC
1.2.1. Minimum classification
For certain hazard classes, including acute toxicity and STOT repeated exposure, the classification according to the criteria in Directive 67/548/EEC does not correspond directly to the classification in a hazard class and category under this Regulation. In these cases the classification in this Annex shall be considered as a minimum classification. This classification shall be applied if none of the following conditions are fulfilled:
- the manufacturer or importer has access to data or other information as specified in Part 1 of Annex I that lead to classification in a more severe category compared to the minimum classification. Classification in the more severe category must then be applied;
- the minimum classification can be further refined based on the translation table in Annex VII when the physical state of the substance used in the acute inhalation toxicity test is known to the manufacturer or importer. The classification as obtained from Annex VII shall then substitute the minimum classification indicated in this Annex if it differs from it.
Minimum classification for a category is indicated by the reference * in the column "Classification" in Table 3.1.
The reference * can also be found in the column "Specific concentration Limits and M-factors" where it indicates that the entry concerned has specific concentration limits under Directive 67/548/EEC (Table 3.2) for acute toxicity. These concentration limits cannot be "translated" into concentration limits under this Regulation, especially when a minimum classification is given. However, when the reference * is shown, the classification for acute toxicity for this entry may be of special concern.
1.2.2. Route of exposure cannot be excluded
For certain hazard classes, e.g. STOT, the route of exposure should be indicated in the hazard statement only if it is conclusively proven that no other route of exposure can cause the hazard in accordance to the criteria in Annex I. Under Directive 67/548/EEC the route of exposure is indicated for classifications with R48 when there was data justifying the classification for this route of exposure. The classification under 67/548/EEC indicating the route of exposure has been translated into the corresponding class and category according to this Regulation, but with a general hazard statement not specifying the route of exposure as the necessary information is not available.
These hazard statements are indicated by the reference ** in Table 3.1.
1.2.3. Hazard statements for reproductive toxicity
Hazard statements H360 and H361 indicate a general concern for effects on both fertility and development: "May damage/Suspected of damaging fertility or the unborn child". According to the criteria, the general hazard statement can be replaced by the hazard statement indicating only the property of concern, where either fertility or developmental effects are proven to be not relevant.
In order not to lose information from the harmonised classifications for fertility and developmental effects under Directive 67/548/EEC, the classifications have been translated only for those effects classified under that Directive.
These hazard statements are indicated by the reference *** in Table 3.1.
1.2.4. Correct classification for physical hazards could not be established
For some entries the correct classification for physical hazards could not be established because sufficient data are not available for the application of the classification criteria in this Regulation. The entry might be assigned to a different (also higher) category or even another hazard class than indicated. The correct classification shall be confirmed by testing.
The entries with physical hazards that need to be confirmed by testing are indicated by the reference **** in Table 3.1.
2. PART 2: DOSSIERS FOR HARMONISED CLASSIFICATION AND LABELLING
This Part lays down general principles for preparing dossiers to propose and justify harmonised classification and labelling.
The relevant parts of sections 1, 2 and 3 of Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 shall be used for the methodology and format of any dossier.
For all dossiers any relevant information from registration dossiers shall be considered and other available information may be used. For hazard information which has not been previously submitted to the Agency, a robust study summary shall be included in the dossier.
A dossier for harmonised classification and labelling shall contain the following:
- Proposal
The proposal shall include the identity of the substance or substances concerned and the harmonised classification and labelling proposed.
- Justification for the proposed harmonised classification and labelling
A comparison of the available information with the criteria contained in Parts 2 to 5, taking into account the general principles in Part 1, of Annex I to this Regulation shall be completed and documented in the format set out in Part B of the Chemical Safety Report in Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006.
- Justification for other effects at Community level
For other effects than carcinogenity, mutagenicity, reprotoxicity and respiratory sensitisation a justification shall be provided that there is a need for action demonstrated at Community level. This does not apply for an active substance in the meaning of Directive 91/414/EEC or Directive 98/8/EC.
3. PART 3: HARMONISED CLASSIFICATION AND LABELLING TABLES
Table 3.1: List of harmonised classification and labelling of hazardous substances is listed in the separate Volume IIIa.
Table 3.2: The list of harmonised classification and labelling of hazardous substances from Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC is listed in the separate Volume IIIb.
Table 3.1
List of harmonised classification and labelling of hazardous substances
Index No | International Chemical Identification | EC No | CAS No | Classification | Labelling | Specific Conc. Limits, M-factors | Notes |
Hazard Class and Category Code(s) | Hazard statement Code(s) | Pictogram, Signal Word Code(s) | Hazard statement Code(s) | Suppl. Hazard statement Code(s) | | |
001-001-00-9 | hydrogen | 215-605-7 | 1333-74-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
001-002-00-4 | aluminium lithium hydride | 240-877-9 | 16853-85-3 | Water-react. 1 | H260 | GHS02 Dgr | H260 | | | |
001-003-00-X | sodium hydride | 231-587-3 | 7646-69-7 | Water-react. 1 | H260 | GHS02 Dgr | H260 | | | |
001-004-00-5 | calcium hydride | 232-189-2 | 7789-78-8 | Water-react. 1 | H260 | GHS02 Dgr | H260 | | | |
003-001-00-4 | lithium | 231-102-5 | 7439-93-2 | Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H260 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H260 H314 | EUH014 | | |
003-002-00-X | n-hexyllithium | 404-950-0 | 21369-64-2 | Water-react. 1 Pyr. Sol. 1 Skin Corr. 1A | H260 H250 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H260 H250 H314 | EUH014 | | |
004-001-00-7 | beryllium | 231-150-7 | 7440-41-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H350i H330 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350i H330 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 | | | |
004-002-00-2 | beryllium compounds with the exception of aluminium beryllium silicates, and with those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350i H330 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350i H330 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 H411 | | | A |
004-003-00-8 | beryllium oxide | 215-133-1 | 1304-56-9 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H350i H330 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350i H330 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 | | | |
005-001-00-X | boron trifluoride | 231-569-5 | 7637-07-2 | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1A | H330 H314 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H314 | EUH014 | | U |
005-002-00-5 | boron trichloride | 233-658-4 | 10294-34-5 | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B | H330 H300 H314 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H300 H314 | EUH014 | | U |
005-003-00-0 | boron tribromide | 233-657-9 | 10294-33-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1A | H330 H300 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H300 H314 | EUH014 | | |
005-004-00-6 | trialkylboranes, solid | — | — | Pyr. Sol. 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H250 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H250 H314 | | | A |
005-004-01-3 | trialkylboranes, liquid | — | — | Pyr. Liq. 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H250 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H250 H314 | | | A |
005-005-00-1 | trimethyl borate | 204-468-9 | 121-43-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H312 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H312 | | | |
005-006-00-7 | dibutyltin hydrogen borate | 401-040-5 | 75113-37-0 | STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H372 ** H312 H302 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H312 H302 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
005-009-00-3 | tetrabutylammonium butyltriphenylborate | 418-080-4 | 120307-06-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
005-010-00-9 | N,N-dimethylanilinium tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)borate | 422-050-6 | 118612-00-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H351 H302 H315 H318 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H351 H302 H315 H318 | | | |
005-012-00-X | diethyl{4-[1,5,5-tris(4-diethylaminophenyl)penta-2,4-dienylidene]cyclohexa-2,5-dienylidene}ammonium butyltriphenylborate | 418-070-1 | 141714-54-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
006-001-00-2 | carbon monoxide | 211-128-3 | 630-08-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 | H220 H360D *** H331 H372 ** | GHS02 GHS04 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H360D *** H331 H372 ** | | | U |
006-002-00-8 | phosgene; carbonyl chloride | 200-870-3 | 75-44-5 | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B | H330 H314 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H314 | | | U |
006-003-00-3 | carbon disulphide | 200-843-6 | 75-15-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Repr. 2 STOT RE 1 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H361fd H372 ** H319 H315 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H361fd H372 ** H319 H315 | | Repr. 2; H361fd: C ≥ 1 % STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 1 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,2 % ≤C 006-004-00-9 | calcium carbide | 200-848-3 | 75-20-7 | Water-react. 1 | H260 | GHS02 Dgr | H260 | | | T |
006-005-00-4 | thiram (ISO); tetramethylthiuram disulphide | 205-286-2 | 137-26-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H410 | | M = 10 | |
006-006-00-X | hydrogen cyanide; hydrocyanic acid | 200-821-6 | 74-90-8 | Flam. Liq. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H224 H330 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H224 H330 H410 | | | |
006-006-01-7 | hydrogen cyanide … %; hydrocyanic acid … % | 200-821-6 | 74-90-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H410 | | | B |
006-007-00-5 | salts of hydrogen cyanide with the exception of complex cyanides such as ferrocyanides, ferricyanides and mercuric oxycyanide | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H410 | EUH032 | | A |
006-008-00-0 | antu (ISO); 1-(1-naphthyl)-2-thiourea | 201-706-3 | 86-88-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Carc. 2 | H300 H351 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H300 H351 | | | |
006-009-00-6 | 1-isopropyl-3-methylpyrazol-5-yl dimethylcarbamate; isolan | 204-318-2 | 119-38-0 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
006-010-00-1 | 5,5-dimethyl-3-oxocyclohex-1-enyl dimethylcarbamate 5,5-dimethyldihydroresorcinol dimethylcarbamate; dimetan | 204-525-8 | 122-15-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * | H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 | | | |
006-011-00-7 | carbaryl (ISO); 1-naphthyl methylcarbamate | 200-555-0 | 63-25-2 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H302 H400 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H400 | | | |
006-012-00-2 | ziram (ISO); zinc bis dimethyldithiocarbamate | 205-288-3 | 137-30-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H302 H373 ** H335 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H302 H373 ** H335 H318 H317 H410 | | M = 100 | |
006-013-00-8 | metam-sodium (ISO); sodium methyldithiocarbamate | 205-293-0 | 137-42-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 H410 | EUH031 | | |
006-014-00-3 | nabam (ISO); disodium ethylenebis(N,N'-dithiocarbamate) | 205-547-0 | 142-59-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H335 H317 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H335 H317 H410 | | | |
006-015-00-9 | diuron (ISO); 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 206-354-4 | 330-54-1 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | |
006-016-00-4 | propoxur (ISO); 2-isopropyloxyphenyl N-methylcarbamate; 2-isopropoxyphenyl methylcarbamate | 204-043-8 | 114-26-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | | |
006-017-00-X | aldicarb (ISO); 2-methyl-2-(methylthio)propanal-O-(N-methylcarbamoyl)oxime | 204-123-2 | 116-06-3 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H311 H410 | | | |
006-018-00-5 | aminocarb (ISO); 4-dimethylamino-3-tolyl methylcarbamate | 217-990-7 | 2032-59-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | | |
006-019-00-0 | di-allate (ISO); S-(2,3-dichloroallyl)-N,N-diisopropylthiocarbamate | 218-961-1 | 2303-16-4 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H410 | | | |
006-020-00-6 | barban (ISO); 4-chlorbut-2-ynyl N-(3-chlorophenyl)carbamate | 202-930-4 | 101-27-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
006-021-00-1 | linuron (ISO); 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-methoxy-1-methylurea | 206-356-5 | 330-55-2 | Repr. 1B Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H351 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H351 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | |
006-022-00-7 | decarbofuran (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-2-methylbenzofuran-7-yl methylcarbamate | — | 1563-67-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | |
006-023-00-2 | mercaptodimethur (ISO); methiocarb (ISO); 3,5-dimethyl-4-methylthiophenyl N-methylcarbamate | 217-991-2 | 2032-65-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | | |
006-024-00-8 | proxan-sodium (ISO); sodium O-isopropyldithiocarbonate | 205-443-5 | 140-93-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H315 H411 | | | |
006-025-00-3 | allethrin; (RS)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate; bioallethrin; (RS)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1R,3R)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate; [1] S-bioallethrin; (S)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1R,3R)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate; [2] esbiothrin; (RS)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1R,3R)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate [3] | 209-542-4 [1] 249-013-5 [2]-[3] | 584-79-2 [1] 28434-00-6 [2] 84030-86-4 [3] | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H410 | | | C |
006-026-00-9 | carbofuran (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethylbenzofuran-7-yl N-methylcarbamate | 216-353-0 | 1563-66-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H410 | | | |
006-028-00-X | dinobuton (ISO); 2-(1-methylpropyl)-4,6-dinitrophenyl isopropyl carbonate | 213-546-1 | 973-21-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | | |
006-029-00-5 | dioxacarb (ISO); 2-(1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | 230-253-4 | 6988-21-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H411 | | | |
006-030-00-0 | EPTC (ISO); S-ethyl dipropylthiocarbamate | 212-073-8 | 759-94-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
006-031-00-6 | formetanate (ISO); 3-[(EZ)-dimethylaminomethyleneamino]phenyl methylcarbamate | 244-879-0 | 22259-30-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H317 H410 | | | |
006-032-00-1 | monolinuron (ISO); 3-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-methoxy-1-methylurea | 217-129-5 | 1746-81-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H410 | | | |
006-033-00-7 | metoxuron (ISO); 3-(3-chloro-4-methoxyphenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 243-433-2 | 19937-59-8 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
006-034-00-2 | pebulate (ISO); N-butyl-N-ethyl-S-propylthiocarbamate | 214-215-4 | 1114-71-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
006-035-00-8 | pirimicarb (ISO); 5,6-dimethyl-2-dimethylamino-pyrimidin-4-yl N,N-dimethylcarbamate | 245-430-1 | 23103-98-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | | |
006-036-00-3 | benzthiazuron (ISO); 1-benzothiazol-2-yl-3-methylurea | 217-685-9 | 1929-88-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
006-037-00-9 | promecarb (ISO); 3-isopropyl-5-methylphenyl N-methylcarbamate | 220-113-0 | 2631-37-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | | |
006-038-00-4 | sulfallate (ISO); 2-chloroallyl N,N-dimethyldithiocarbamate | 202-388-9 | 95-06-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H410 | | | |
006-039-00-X | tri-allate (ISO); S-2,3,3-trichloroallyl diisopropylthiocarbamate | 218-962-7 | 2303-17-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
006-040-00-5 | 3-methylpyrazol-5-yl-dimethylcarbamate; monometilan | — | 2532-43-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | |
006-041-00-0 | dimethylcarbamoyl chloride | 201-208-6 | 79-44-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H350 H331 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H331 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,001 % | |
006-042-00-6 | monuron (ISO); 3-(4-chlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 205-766-1 | 150-68-5 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H410 | | | |
006-043-00-1 | 3-(4-chlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethyluronium trichloroacetate; monuron-TCA | — | 140-41-0 | Carc. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H319 H315 H410 | | | |
006-044-00-7 | isoproturon (ISO); 3-(4-isopropylphenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 251-835-4 | 34123-59-6 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | M = 10 | |
006-045-00-2 | methomyl (ISO); 1-(methylthio)ethylideneamino N-methylcarbamate | 240-815-0 | 16752-77-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H410 | | | |
006-046-00-8 | bendiocarb (ISO); 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl N-methylcarbamate | 245-216-8 | 22781-23-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H312 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H312 H410 | | | |
006-047-00-3 | bufencarb (ISO); reaction mass of 3-(1-methylbutyl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate and 3-(1-ethylpropyl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | — | 8065-36-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | | |
006-048-00-9 | ethiofencarb (ISO); 2-(ethylthiomethyl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | 249-981-9 | 29973-13-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
006-049-00-4 | dixanthogen; O,O-diethyl dithiobis(thioformate) | 207-944-4 | 502-55-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
006-050-00-X | 1,1-dimethyl-3-phenyluronium trichloroacetate; fenuron-TCA | — | 4482-55-7 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H410 | | | |
006-051-00-5 | ferbam (ISO); iron tris(dimethyldithiocarbamate) | 238-484-2 | 14484-64-1 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
006-052-00-0 | formetanate hydrochloride; 3-(N,N-dimethylaminomethyleneamino)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | 245-656-0 | 23422-53-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H317 H410 | | | |
006-053-00-6 | isoprocarb (ISO); 2-isopropylphenyl N-methylcarbamate | 220-114-6 | 2631-40-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
006-054-00-1 | mexacarbate (ISO); 3,5-dimethyl-4-dimethylaminophenyl N-methylcarbamate | 206-249-3 | 315-18-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H312 H410 | | | |
006-055-00-7 | xylylcarb (ISO); 3,4-dimethylphenyl N-methylcarbamate; 3,4-xylyl methylcarbamate; MPMC | 219-364-9 | 2425-10-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
006-056-00-2 | metolcarb (ISO); m-tolyl methylcarbamate; MTMC | 214-446-0 | 1129-41-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
006-057-00-8 | nitrapyrin (ISO); 2-chloro-6-trichloromethylpyridine | 217-682-2 | 1929-82-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
006-058-00-3 | noruron (ISO); 1,1-dimethyl-3-(perhydro-4,7-methanoinden-5-yl)urea | — | 2163-79-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
006-059-00-9 | oxamyl (ISO); N',N'-dimethylcarbamoyl(methylthio)methylenamine N-methylcarbamate; | 245-445-3 | 23135-22-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H300 H312 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H312 H411 | | | |
006-060-00-4 | oxycarboxin (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-6-methyl-5-(N-phenylcarbamoyl)-1,4-oxothiine 4,4-dioxide | 226-066-2 | 5259-88-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
006-061-00-X | S-ethyl N-(dimethylaminopropyl)thiocarbamatehydrochloride; prothiocarb hydrochloride | 243-193-9 | 19622-19-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
006-062-00-5 | methyl 3,4-dichlorophenylcarbanilate; SWEP. | — | 1918-18-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
006-063-00-0 | thiobencarb (ISO); S-4-chlorobenzyl diethylthiocarbamate | 248-924-5 | 28249-77-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
006-064-00-6 | thiofanox (ISO); 3,3-dimethyl-1-(methylthio)butanone-O-(N-methylcarbamoyl)oxime | 254-346-4 | 39196-18-4 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
006-065-00-1 | 3-chloro-6-cyano-bicyclo(2,2,1)heptan-2-one-O-(N-methylcarbamoyl)oxime; triamid | — | 15271-41-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H300 H311 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H411 | | | |
006-066-00-7 | vernolate (ISO); S-propyl dipropylthiocarbamate | 217-681-7 | 1929-77-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
006-067-00-2 | XMC; 3,5-xylyl methylcarbamate | — | 2655-14-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
006-068-00-8 | diazomethane | 206-382-7 | 334-88-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
006-069-00-3 | thiophanate-methyl (ISO); 1,2-di-(3-methoxycarbonyl-2-thioureido)benzene | 245-740-7 | 23564-05-8 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H332 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H341 H332 H317 H410 | | | |
006-070-00-9 | furmecyclox (ISO); N-cyclohexyl-N-methoxy-2,5-dimethyl-3-furamide | 262-302-0 | 60568-05-0 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
006-071-00-4 | cyclooct-4-en-1-yl methyl carbonate | 401-620-8 | 87731-18-8 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
006-072-00-X | prosulfocarb (ISO); S-benzyl N,N-dipropylthiocarbamate | 401-730-6 | 52888-80-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H411 | | | |
006-073-00-5 | 3-(dimethylamino)propylurea | 401-950-2 | 31506-43-1 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
006-074-00-0 | 2-(3-(prop-1-en-2-yl)phenyl)prop-2-yl isocyanate | 402-440-2 | 2094-99-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B STOT RE 2 * Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H314 H373 ** H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H314 H373 ** H334 H317 H410 | | | |
006-076-00-1 | mancozeb (ISO) | — | 8018-01-7 | STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 | H335 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H335 H317 | | | |
006-077-00-7 | maneb (ISO) | 235-654-8 | 12427-38-2 | STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 | H335 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H335 H317 | | | |
006-078-00-2 | zineb (ISO); zinc ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) (polymeric) | 235-180-1 | 12122-67-7 | STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 | H335 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H335 H317 | | | |
006-079-00-8 | disulfiram; tetraethylthiuramdisulfide | 202-607-8 | 97-77-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
006-080-00-3 | tetramethylthiuram monosulphide | 202-605-7 | 97-74-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H411 | | | |
006-081-00-9 | zinc bis(dibutyldithiocarbamate) | 205-232-8 | 136-23-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
006-082-00-4 | zinc bis(diethyldithiocarbamate) | 238-270-9 | 14324-55-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
006-083-00-X | butocarboxim (ISO); 3-(methylthio)-2-butanone O-[(methylamino)carbonyl]oxime | 252-139-3 | 34681-10-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H331 H311 H301 H319 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H331 H311 H301 H319 H410 | | | |
006-084-00-5 | carbosulfan (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethyl-7-benzofuryl [(dibutylamino)thio]methylcarbamate | 259-565-9 | 55285-14-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H317 H410 | | | |
006-085-00-0 | fenobucarb (ISO); 2-butylphenyl methylcarbamate | 223-188-8 | 3766-81-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
006-086-00-6 | ethyl [2-(4-phenoxyphenoxy)ethyl]carbamate; fenoxycarb | 276-696-7 | 72490-01-8 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
006-087-00-1 | 2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethyl-7-benzofuryl 2,4-dimethyl-6-oxa-5-oxo-3-thia-2,4-diazadecanoate; furathiocarb | 265-974-3 | 65907-30-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H301 H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H301 H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
006-088-00-7 | benfuracarb; ethyl N-[2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethylbenzofuran-7-yloxycarbonyl(methyl)aminothio]-N-isopropyl- β-alaninate | — | 82560-54-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H410 | | | |
006-089-00-2 | chlorine dioxide | 233-162-8 | 10049-04-4 | Ox. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H270 H330 H314 H400 | GHS03 GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H270 H330 H314 H400 | EUH006 | M = 1000 | U |
006-089-01-X | chlorine dioxide . . . % | 233-162-8 | 10049-04-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H314 H400 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 10 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 3 % ≤ C 006-090-00-8 | 2-(3-iodoprop-2-yn-1-yloxy)ethyl phenylcarbamate | 408-010-0 | 88558-41-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H318 H412 | | | |
007-001-00-5 | ammonia, anhydrous | 231-635-3 | 7664-41-7 | Flam. Gas 2 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H221 H331 H314 H400 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H221 H331 H314 H400 | | | U |
007-001-01-2 | ammonia ….% | 215-647-6 | 1336-21-6 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | B |
007-002-00-0 | nitrogen dioxide; [1] dinitrogen tetraoxide [2] | 233-272-6 [1] 234-126-4 [2] | 10102-44-0 [1] 10544-72-6 [2] | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B | H330 H314 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H314 | | * | U 5 |
007-003-00-6 | chlormequat chloride (ISO); 2-chloroethyltrimethylammonium chloride | 213-666-4 | 999-81-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
007-004-00-1 | nitric acid … % | 231-714-2 | 7697-37-2 | Ox. Liq. 3 Skin Corr. 1A | H272 H314 | GHS03 GHS05 Dgr | H272 H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 20 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 5 % ≤ C 007-006-00-2 | ethyl nitrite | 203-722-6 | 109-95-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H220 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS07 Dgr | H220 H332 H312 H302 | | | U |
007-007-00-8 | ethyl nitrate | 210-903-3 | 625-58-1 | Unst. Expl. | H200 | GHS01 Dgr | H200 | | | |
007-008-00-3 | hydrazine | 206-114-9 | 302-01-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H350 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H350 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 H410 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 10 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 3 % ≤ C 007-009-00-9 | dicyclohexylammonium nitrite | 221-515-9 | 3129-91-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | * | |
007-010-00-4 | sodium nitrite | 231-555-9 | 7632-00-0 | Ox. Sol. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H272 H301 H400 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H301 H400 | | * | |
007-011-00-X | potassium nitrite | 231-832-4 | 7758-09-0 | Ox. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H272 H301 H400 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H301 H400 | | * | |
007-012-00-5 | N,N-dimethylhydrazine | 200-316-0 | 57-14-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H350 H331 H301 H314 H411 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H350 H331 H301 H314 H411 | | | |
007-013-00-0 | 1,2-dimethylhydrazine | — | 540-73-8 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H311 H301 H411 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
007-014-00-6 | salts of hydrazine | — | — | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H331 H311 H301 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H311 H301 H317 H410 | | | A |
007-015-00-1 | O-ethylhydroxylamine | 402-030-3 | 624-86-2 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H225 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H319 H317 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H319 H317 H400 | | | |
007-016-00-7 | butyl nitrite | 208-862-1 | 544-16-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H225 H331 H301 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H225 H331 H301 | | | |
007-017-00-2 | isobutyl nitrite | 208-819-7 | 542-56-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H350 H341 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H350 H341 H332 H302 | | | |
007-018-00-8 | sec-butyl nitrite | 213-104-8 | 924-43-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 | | | |
007-019-00-3 | tert-butyl nitrite | 208-757-0 | 540-80-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 | | | |
007-020-00-9 | pentyl nitrite; [1] "amyl nitrite", mixed isomers [2] | 207-332-7 [1] 203-770-8 [2] | 463-04-7 [1] 110-46-3 [2] | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 | | | |
007-021-00-4 | hydrazobenzene; 1,2-diphenylhydrazine | 204-563-5 | 122-66-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H410 | | | |
007-022-00-X | hydrazine bis(3-carboxy-4-hydroxybenzensulfonate) | 405-030-1 | — | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H302 H314 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 H314 H317 H412 | | | |
007-023-00-5 | sodium 3,5-bis(3-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)propylcarbamoyl)benzenesulfonate | 405-510-0 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 | | | |
007-024-00-0 | 2-(decylthio)ethylammonium chloride | 405-640-8 | 36362-09-1 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H373 ** H315 H318 H410 | | | |
007-025-00-6 | (4-hydrazinophenyl)-N-methylmethanesulfonamide hydrochloride | 406-090-1 | 81880-96-8 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H301 H372 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H301 H372 ** H317 H410 | | | |
007-026-00-1 | oxo-((2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)amino)carbonylacetohydrazide | 413-230-5 | 122035-71-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
007-027-00-7 | 1,6-bis(3,3-bis((1-methylpentylidenimino)propyl)ureido)hexane | 420-190-2 | 771478-66-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H410 | | | |
008-001-00-8 | oxygen | 231-956-9 | 7782-44-7 | Ox. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H270 | GHS03 GHS04 Dgr | H270 | | | U |
008-003-00-9 | hydrogen peroxide solution … % | 231-765-0 | 7722-84-1 | Ox. Liq. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H271 H332 H302 H314 | GHS03 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H271 H332 H302 H314 | | Ox. Liq. 1; H271: C ≥ 70 %**** Ox. Liq. 2; H272: 50 % ≤ C 009-001-00-0 | fluorine | 231-954-8 | 7782-41-4 | Ox. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1A | H270 H330 H314 | GHS03 GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H270 H330 H314 | | | U |
009-002-00-6 | hydrogen fluoride | 231-634-8 | 7664-39-3 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1A | H330 H310 H300 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H314 | | | |
009-003-00-1 | hydrofluoric acid … % | 231-634-8 | 7664-39-3 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1A | H330 H310 H300 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 7 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 1 % ≤ C 009-004-00-7 | sodium fluoride | 231-667-8 | 7681-49-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H301 H319 H315 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H319 H315 | EUH032 | | |
009-005-00-2 | potassium fluoride | 232-151-5 | 7789-23-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | |
009-006-00-8 | ammonium fluoride | 235-185-9 | 12125-01-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | |
009-007-00-3 | sodium bifluoride; sodium hydrogen difluoride | 215-608-3 | 1333-83-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H301 H314 | | * Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 1 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 0,1 % ≤ C 009-008-00-9 | potassium bifluoride; potassium hydrogen difluoride | 232-156-2 | 7789-29-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H301 H314 | | * Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 1 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 0,1 % ≤ C 009-009-00-4 | ammonium bifluoride; ammonium hydrogen difluoride | 215-676-4 | 1341-49-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H301 H314 | | * Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 1 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 0,1 % ≤ C 009-010-00-X | fluoroboric acid ... % | 240-898-3 | 16872-11-0 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 10 % ≤ C 009-011-00-5 | fluorosilicic acid ... % | 241-034-8 | 16961-83-4 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | B |
009-012-00-0 | alkali fluorosilicates(Na); [1] alkali fluorosilicates(K); [2] alkali fluorosilicates(NH4) [3] | 240-934-8 [1] 240-896-2 [2] 240-968-3 [3] | 16893-85-9 [1] 16871-90-2 [2] 16919-19-0 [3] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | * | A |
009-013-00-6 | fluorosilicates, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | * | A |
009-014-00-1 | lead hexafluorosilicate | 247-278-1 | 25808-74-6 | Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
009-015-00-7 | sulphuryl difluoride | 220-281-5 | 2699-79-8 | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H373 ** H400 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H373 ** H400 | | | U |
009-016-00-2 | trisodium hexafluoroaluminate; cryolite | 237-410-6 239-148-8 | 13775-53-6 15096-52-3 | STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H372 ** H332 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H332 H302 H411 | | | C |
009-017-00-8 | potassium mu-fluoro-bis(triethylaluminium) | 400-040-2 | 12091-08-6 | Flam. Sol. 1 Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * | H228 H270 H314 H332 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H228 H270 H314 H332 | EUH014 | | T |
009-018-00-3 | magnesium hexafluorosilicate | 241-022-2 | 16949-65-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * | H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 | | * | |
011-001-00-0 | sodium | 231-132-9 | 7440-23-5 | Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H260 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H260 H314 | EUH014 | | |
011-002-00-6 | sodium hydroxide; caustic soda | 215-185-5 | 1310-73-2 | Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 5 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 2 % ≤ C 011-003-00-1 | sodium peroxide | 215-209-4 | 1313-60-6 | Ox. Sol. 1 Skin Corr. 1A | H271 H314 | GHS03 GHS05 Dgr | H271 H314 | | | |
011-004-00-7 | sodium azide | 247-852-1 | 26628-22-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H400 H410 | EUH032 | | |
011-005-00-2 | sodium carbonate | 207-838-8 | 497-19-8 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
011-006-00-8 | sodium cyanate | 213-030-6 | 917-61-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
011-007-00-3 | propoxycarbazone-sodium | — | 181274-15-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | M = 10 | |
012-001-00-3 | magnesium powder (pyrophoric) | 231-104-6 | 7439-95-4 | Water-react. 1 Pyr. Sol. 1 | H260 H250 | GHS02 Dgr | H260 H250 | | | T |
012-002-00-9 | magnesium, powder or turnings | 231-104-6 | — | Flam. Sol. 1 Water-react. 2 Self-heat. 1 | H228 H261 H252 | GHS02 Dgr | H228 H261 H252 | | | T |
012-003-00-4 | magnesium alkyls | — | — | Pyr. Liq. 1 Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H250 H260 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H250 H260 H314 | EUH014 | | A |
013-001-00-6 | aluminium powder (pyrophoric) | 231-072-3 | 7429-90-5 | Water-react. 2 Pyr. Sol. 1 | H261 H250 | GHS02 Dgr | H261 H250 | | | T |
013-002-00-1 | aluminium powder (stabilised) | 231-072-3 | — | Water-react. 2 Flam.Sol. 3 | H261 H228 | GHS02 Dgr | H261 H228 | | | T |
013-003-00-7 | aluminium chloride, anhydrous | 231-208-1 | 7446-70-0 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
013-004-00-2 | aluminium alkyls | — | — | Pyr. Liq. 1 Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H250 H260 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H250 H260 H314 | EUH014 | | A |
013-005-00-8 | diethyl(ethyldimethylsilanolato)aluminium | 401-160-8 | 55426-95-4 | Water-react. 1 Pyr. Liq. 1 Skin Corr. 1A | H260 H250 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H260 H250 H314 | EUH014 | | |
013-006-00-3 | (ethyl-3-oxobutanoato-O'1,O'3)(2-dimethylaminoethanolato)(1-methoxypropan-2-olato)aluminium(III), dimerised | 402-370-2 | — | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Dam. 1 | H226 H318 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H318 | | | |
013-007-00-9 | poly(oxo(2-butoxyethyl-3-oxobutanoato-O'1,O'3)aluminium) | 403-430-0 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
013-008-00-4 | di-n-octylaluminium iodide | 408-190-0 | 7585-14-0 | Pyr. Liq. 1 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H250 H314 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H250 H314 H410 | EUH014 | | |
013-009-00-X | sodium (n-butyl)x(ethyl)y-1,5-dihydro)aluminate x = 0,5 y = 1,5 | 418-720-2 | — | Flam. Sol. 1 Water-react. 1 Pyr. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H228 H260 H250 H332 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H228 H260 H250 H332 H314 | EUH014 | | T |
014-001-00-9 | trichlorosilane | 233-042-5 | 10025-78-2 | Flam. Liq. 1 Pyr. Liq. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H224 H250 H332 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H250 H332 H302 H314 | EUH014 EUH029 | * STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | T |
014-002-00-4 | silicon tetrachloride | 233-054-0 | 10026-04-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | EUH014 | | |
014-003-00-X | dimethyldichlorosilane | 200-901-0 | 75-78-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
014-004-00-5 | trichloro(methyl)silane; methyltrichlorosilane | 200-902-6 | 75-79-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 H315 | EUH014 | Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 1 % Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 1 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
014-005-00-0 | tetraethyl silicate; ethyl silicate | 201-083-8 | 78-10-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H226 H332 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H319 H335 | | | |
014-006-00-6 | bis(4-fluorophenyl)-methyl-(1,2,4-triazol-4-ylmethyl)silane hydrochloride | 401-380-4 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H411 | | | |
014-007-00-1 | triethoxyisobutylsilane | 402-810-3 | 17980-47-1 | Skin Irrit. 2 | H315 | GHS07 Wng | H315 | | | |
014-008-00-7 | (chloromethyl)bis(4-fluorophenyl)methylsilane | 401-200-4 | 85491-26-5 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
014-009-00-2 | isobutylisopropyldimethoxysilane | 402-580-4 | 111439-76-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 | H226 H332 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H315 | | | |
014-010-00-8 | disodium metasilicate | 229-912-9 | 6834-92-0 | Skin Corr. 1B STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | | | |
014-011-00-3 | cyclohexyldimethoxymethylsilane | 402-140-1 | 17865-32-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
014-012-00-9 | bis(3-(trimethoxysilyl)propyl)amine | 403-480-3 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
014-013-00-4 | α-hydroxypoly(methyl-(3-(2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yloxy)propyl)siloxane) | 404-920-7 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H411 | | | |
014-014-00-X | etacelasil (ISO); 6-(2-chloroethyl)-6-(2-methoxyethoxy)-2,5,7,10-tetraoxa-6-silaundecane | 253-704-7 | 37894-46-5 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * | H360D *** H302 H373 ** | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H360D *** H302 H373 ** | | | |
014-015-00-5 | α-trimethylsilanyl-ω-trimethylsiloxypoly[oxy(methyl-3-(2-(2-methoxypropoxy)propoxy)propylsilanediyl]- co-oxy(dimethylsilane)) | 406-420-4 | 69430-40-6 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
014-016-00-0 | reaction mass of: 1,3-dihex-5-en-1-yl-1,1,3,3-tetramethyldisiloxane; 1,3-dihex-n-en-1-yl-1,1,3,3-tetramethyldisiloxane | 406-490-6 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
014-017-00-6 | flusilazole (ISO); bis(4-fluorophenyl)(methyl)(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)silane | — | 85509-19-9 | Carc. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H360D *** H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H360D *** H302 H411 | | | |
014-018-00-1 | octamethylcyclotetrasiloxane | 209-136-7 | 556-67-2 | Repr. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H361f *** H413 | GHS08 Wng | H361f *** H413 | | | |
014-019-00-7 | reaction mass of: 4-[[bis-(4-fluorophenyl)methylsilyl]methyl]-4H-1,2,4-triazole; 1-[[bis-(4-fluorophenyl)methylsilyl]methyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole | 403-250-2 | — | Carc. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H360D *** H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H360D *** H302 H411 | | | |
014-020-00-2 | bis(1,1-dimethyl-2-propynyloxy)dimethylsilane | 414-960-7 | 53863-99-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 | GHS07 Wng | H332 | | | |
014-021-00-8 | tris(isopropenyloxy)phenyl silane | 411-340-8 | 52301-18-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H400 H410 | | | |
014-022-00-3 | reaction product of: (2-hydroxy-4-(3-propenoxy)benzophenone and triethoxysilane) with (hydrolysis product of silica and methyltrimethoxysilane) | 401-530-9 | — | Flam. Sol. 1 STOT SE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H228 H370 ** H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H228 H370 ** H332 H312 H302 | | | T |
014-023-00-9 | α, ω-dihydroxypoly(hex-5-en-1-ylmethylsiloxane)hoxysilane with (hydrolysis product of silica and methyltrimethoxysilane)iazole | 408-160-7 | 125613-45-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
014-024-00-4 | 1-((3-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)propyl)dimethylsilanyl)-4-ethoxybenzene | 412-620-2 | 121626-74-2 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
014-025-00-X | 4-[3-(diethoxymethylsilylpropoxy)-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl]piperidine | 411-400-3 | 102089-33-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H373 ** H315 H318 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H315 H318 H412 | | | |
014-026-00-5 | dichloro-(3-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)propyl)methylsilane | 407-180-3 | 770722-36-6 | Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
014-027-00-0 | chloro(3-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)propyl)dimethylsilane | 410-270-5 | 770722-46-8 | Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
014-028-00-6 | α-[3-(1-oxoprop-2-eny)l-1-oxypropyl]dimethoxysilyloxy-ω-[3(1-oxoprop-2-enyl)-1-oxypropyl]dimethoxysilyl poly(dimethylsiloxane) | 415-290-8 | 193159-06-7 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
014-029-00-1 | O,O'-(ethenylmethylsilylene)di[(4-methylpentan-2-one)oxime] | 421-870-1 | 156145-66-3 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * | H361f *** H302 H373 ** | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H361f *** H302 H373 ** | | | |
014-030-00-7 | [(dimethylsilylene)bis((1,2,3,3a,7a-η)-1H-inden-1-ylidene)dimethyl]hafnium | 422-060-0 | 137390-08-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * | H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 | | | |
014-031-00-2 | bis(1-methylethyl)-dimethoxysilane | 421-540-7 | 18230-61-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H315 H317 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H315 H317 H412 | | | |
014-032-00-8 | dicyclopentyldimethoxysilane | 404-370-8 | 126990-35-0 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H410 | | | |
015-001-00-1 | white phosphorus | 231-768-7 | 12185-10-3 | Pyr. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H250 H330 H300 H314 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H250 H330 H300 H314 H400 | | | |
015-002-00-7 | red phosphorus | 231-768-7 | 7723-14-0 | Flam. Sol. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H228 H412 | GHS02 Dgr | H228 H412 | | | |
015-003-00-2 | calcium phosphide; tricalcium diphosphide | 215-142-0 | 1305-99-3 | Water-react. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H260 H300 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H260 H300 H400 | EUH029 | | T |
015-004-00-8 | aluminium phosphide | 244-088-0 | 20859-73-8 | Water-react. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H260 H300 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H260 H300 H400 | EUH029 EUH032 | | T |
015-005-00-3 | magnesium phosphide; trimagnesium diphosphide | 235-023-7 | 12057-74-8 | Water-react. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H260 H300 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H260 H300 H400 | EUH029 | | T |
015-006-00-9 | trizinc diphosphide; zinc phosphide | 215-244-5 | 1314-84-7 | Water-react. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H260 H300 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H260 H300 H410 | EUH029 EUH032 | | T |
015-007-00-4 | phosphorus trichloride | 231-749-3 | 7719-12-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1A | H330 H300 H373 ** H314 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H300 H373 ** H314 | EUH014 EUH029 | | |
015-008-00-X | phosphorus pentachloride | 233-060-3 | 10026-13-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B | H330 H302 H373 ** H314 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H302 H373 ** H314 | EUH014 EUH029 | | |
015-009-00-5 | phosphoryl trichloride | 233-046-7 | 10025-87-3 | Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H330 H372 ** H302 H314 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H372 ** H302 H314 | EUH014 EUH029 | | |
015-010-00-0 | phosphorus pentoxide | 215-236-1 | 1314-56-3 | Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
015-011-00-6 | phosphoric acid ... %, orthophosphoric acid ... % | 231-633-2 | 7664-38-2 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 10 % ≤ C 015-012-00-1 | tetraphosphorus trisulphide; phosphorus sesquisulphid | 215-245-0 | 1314-85-8 | Flam. Sol. 2 Water-react. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H228 H260 H302 H400 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H228 H260 H302 H400 | | | T |
015-013-00-7 | triethyl phosphate | 201-114-5 | 78-40-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
015-014-00-2 | tributyl phosphate | 204-800-2 | 126-73-8 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 | H351 H302 H315 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H302 H315 | | | |
015-015-00-8 | tricresyl phosphate (o-o-o-, o-o-m-, o-o-p-, o-m-m-, o-m-p-, o-p-p-); tritolyl phosphate (o-o-o-, o-o-m-, o-o-p-, o-m-m-, o-m-p-, o-p-p-); | 201-103-5 | 78-30-8 | STOT SE 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H370 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H370 ** H411 | | STOT SE 1; H370: C ≥ 1 % STOT SE 2; H371: 0,2 % ≤ C 015-016-00-3 | tricresyl phosphate (m-m-m-, m-m-p-, m-p-p-, p-p-p-); tritolyl phosphate (m-m-m-, m-m-p-, m-p-p-, p-p-p-); | 201-105-6 | 78-32-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H411 | | * | C |
015-019-00-X | dichlorvos (ISO); 2,2-dichlorovinyl dimethyl phosphate | 200-547-7 | 62-73-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H330 H311 H301 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H311 H301 H317 H400 | | | |
015-020-00-5 | mevinphos (ISO); 2-methoxycarbonyl-1-methylvinyl dimethyl phosphate | 232-095-1 | 7786-34-7 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | M = 10000 | |
015-021-00-0 | trichlorfon (ISO); dimethyl 2,2,2-trichloro-1-hydroxyethylphosphonate | 200-149-3 | 52-68-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H400 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-022-00-6 | phosphamidon (ISO); 2-chloro-2-diethylcarbamoyl-1-methylvinyl dimethyl phosphate | 236-116-5 | 13171-21-6 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H300 H311 H410 | | | |
015-023-00-1 | pyrazoxon; diethyl 3-methylpyrazol-5-yl phosphate | — | 108-34-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 | | | |
015-024-00-7 | triamiphos (ISO); 5-amino-3-phenyl-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl-N,N,N',N'-tetramethylphosphonic diamide | — | 1031-47-6 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-025-00-2 | TEPP (ISO); tetraethyl pyrophosphate | 203-495-3 | 107-49-3 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H310 H300 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H400 | | | |
015-026-00-8 | schradan (ISO); octamethylpyrophosphoramide | 205-801-0 | 152-16-9 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-027-00-3 | sulfotep (ISO); O,O,O,O-tetraethyl dithiopyrophosphate | 222-995-2 | 3689-24-5 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-028-00-9 | demeton-O (ISO); O,O-diethyl-O-2-ethylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 206-053-8 | 298-03-3 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H310 H300 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H400 | | | |
015-029-00-4 | demeton-S (ISO); diethyl-S-2-ethylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 204-801-8 | 126-75-0 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-030-00-X | demeton-O-methyl (ISO); O-2-ethylthioethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 212-758-1 | 867-27-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * | H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 | | | |
015-031-00-5 | demeton-S-methyl (ISO); S-2-ethylthioethyl dimethyl phosphorothioate | 213-052-6 | 919-86-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H411 | | | |
015-032-00-0 | prothoate (ISO); O,O-diethyl isopropylcarbamoylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 218-893-2 | 2275-18-5 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H310 H300 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 H412 | | | |
015-033-00-6 | phorate (ISO); O,O-diethyl ethylthiomethyl phosphorodithioate | 206-052-2 | 298-02-2 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-034-00-1 | parathion (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-4-nitrophenyl phosphorothioate | 200-271-7 | 56-38-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H311 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H311 H372 ** H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-035-00-7 | parathion — methyl (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-4-nitrophenyl phosphorothioate | 206-050-1 | 298-00-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H330 H300 H311 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H330 H300 H311 H373 ** H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-036-00-2 | O-ethyl O-4-nitrophenyl phenylphosphonothioate; EPN | 218-276-8 | 2104-64-5 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
015-037-00-8 | phenkapton (ISO); S-(2,5-dichlorophenylthiomethyl) O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 218-892-7 | 2275-14-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | |
015-038-00-3 | coumaphos (ISO); O-3-chloro-4-methylcoumarin-7-yl O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 200-285-3 | 56-72-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H312 H410 | | | |
015-039-00-9 | azinphos-methyl (ISO); O,O-dimethyl-4-oxobenzotriazin-3-ylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 201-676-1 | 86-50-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H311 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H311 H317 H410 | | | |
015-040-00-4 | diazinon (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-2-isopropyl-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl phosphorothioate | 206-373-8 | 333-41-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H400 H410 | | | |
015-041-00-X | malathion (ISO); 1,2-bis (ethoxycarbonyl) ethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 204-497-7 | 121-75-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H400 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-042-00-5 | chlorthion O-(3-chloro-4-nitrophenyl) O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 207-902-5 | 500-28-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-043-00-0 | phosnichlor (ISO); O-4-chloro-3-nitrophenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | — | 5826-76-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | |
015-044-00-6 | carbophenothion (ISO); 4-chlorophenylthiomethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 212-324-1 | 786-19-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | | |
015-045-00-1 | mecarbam (ISO); N-ethoxycarbonyl-N-methylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 219-993-9 | 2595-54-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H400 H410 | | | |
015-046-00-7 | oxydemeton-methyl; S-2-(ethylsulphinyl)ethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 206-110-7 | 301-12-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H311 H301 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H400 | | | |
015-047-00-2 | ethion (ISO); O,O,O',O'-tetraethyl S,S'-methylenedi (phosphorodithioate); diethion | 209-242-3 | 563-12-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H410 | | M = 10000 | |
015-048-00-8 | fenthion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl-O-(4-methylthion-m-tolyl) phosphorothioate | 200-231-9 | 55-38-9 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H331 H372 ** H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H331 H372 ** H312 H302 H410 | | | |
015-049-00-3 | endothion (ISO); S-5-methoxy-4-oxopyran-2-ylmethyl dimethyl phosphorothioate | 220-472-3 | 2778-04-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H311 H301 | | | |
015-050-00-9 | thiometon (ISO); S-2-ethylthioethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 211-362-6 | 640-15-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H301 H312 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 | | | |
015-051-00-4 | dimethoate (ISO); O,O-dimethyl methylcarbamoylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 200-480-3 | 60-51-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
015-052-00-X | fenchlorphos (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-2,4,5-trichlorophenyl phosphorothioate | 206-082-6 | 299-84-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
015-053-00-5 | menazon (ISO); S-[(4,6-diamino-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)methyl] O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 201-123-4 | 78-57-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
015-054-00-0 | fenitrothion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-4-nitro-m-tolyl phosphorothioate | 204-524-2 | 122-14-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
015-055-00-6 | naled (ISO); 1,2-dibromo-2,2-dichloroethyl dimethyl phosphate | 206-098-3 | 300-76-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H312 H302 H319 H315 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H319 H315 H400 | | M = 1000 | |
015-056-00-1 | azinphos-ethyl (ISO); O,O-diethyl 4-oxobenzotriazin-3-ylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 220-147-6 | 2642-71-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | | |
015-057-00-7 | formothion (ISO); N-formyl-N-methylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 219-818-6 | 2540-82-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
015-058-00-2 | morphothion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl-S-(morpholinocarbonylmethyl) phosphorodithioate | 205-628-0 | 144-41-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | |
015-059-00-8 | vamidothion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl S-2-(1-methylcarbamoylethylthio) ethyl phosphorothioate | 218-894-8 | 2275-23-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H312 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H400 | | | |
015-060-00-3 | disulfoton (ISO); O,O-diethyl 2-ethylthioethyl phosphorodithioate | 206-054-3 | 298-04-4 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
015-061-00-9 | dimefox (ISO); tetramethylphosphorodiamidic fluoride | 204-076-8 | 115-26-4 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-062-00-4 | mipafox (ISO); N,N'- di-isopropylphosphorodiamidic fluoride | 206-742-3 | 371-86-8 | STOT SE 1 | H370 ** | GHS08 Dgr | H370 ** | | | |
015-063-00-X | dioxathion (ISO); 1,4-dioxan-2,3-diyl-O,O,O',O'-tetraethyl di(phosphorodithioate) | 201-107-7 | 78-34-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H311 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-064-00-5 | bromophos-ethyl (ISO); O-4-bromo-2,5-dichlorophenyl O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 225-399-0 | 4824-78-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H410 | | | |
015-065-00-0 | S-[2-(ethylsulphinyl)ethyl] O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | — | 2703-37-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H310 H300 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H411 | | | |
015-066-00-6 | omethoate (ISO); O,O-dimethyl S-methylcarbamoylmethyl phosphorothioate | 214-197-8 | 1113-02-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H312 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H400 | | | |
015-067-00-1 | phosalone (ISO); S-(6-chloro-2-oxobenzoxazolin-3-ylmethyl) O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 218-996-2 | 2310-17-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H410 | | | |
015-068-00-7 | dichlofenthion (ISO); O—2,4-dichlorophenyl O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 202-564-5 | 97-17-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H400 H410 | | | |
015-069-00-2 | methidathion (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-5-methoxy-2-oxo-1,3,4-thiadiazol-3-ylmethyl-O,O-dimethylphosphorodithioate | 213-449-4 | 950-37-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H312 H410 | | | |
015-070-00-8 | cyanthoate (ISO); S-(N-(1-cyano-1-methylethyl)carbamoylmethyl) O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 223-099-4 | 3734-95-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H300 H311 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 H311 | | | |
015-071-00-3 | chlorfenvinphos (ISO); 2-chloro-1-(2,4 dichlorophenyl) vinyl diethyl phosphate | 207-432-0 | 470-90-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | | |
015-072-00-9 | monocrotophos (ISO); dimethyl-1-methyl-2-(methylcarbamoyl)vinyl phosphate | 230-042-7 | 6923-22-4 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H330 H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H330 H300 H311 H410 | | | |
015-073-00-4 | dicrotophos (ISO); (Z)-2-dimethylcarbamoyl-1-methylvinyl dimethyl phosphate | 205-494-3 | 141-66-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | | |
015-074-00-X | crufomate (ISO); 4-tert-butyl-2-chlorophenyl methyl methylphosphoramidate | 206-083-1 | 299-86-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
015-075-00-5 | S-[2-(isopropylsulphinyl)ethyl] O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | — | 2635-50-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | |
015-076-00-0 | potasan; O,O-diethyl O-(4-methylcoumarin-7-yl) phosphorothioate | — | 299-45-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-077-00-6 | 2,2-dichlorovinyl 2-ethylsulphinylethyl methyl phosphate | — | 7076-53-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | |
015-078-00-1 | demeton-S-methylsulphon (ISO); S-2-ethylsulphonylethyl dimethyl phosphorothioate | 241-109-5 | 17040-19-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H312 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H411 | | | |
015-079-00-7 | acephate (ISO); O,S-dimethyl acetylphosphoramidothioate | 250-241-2 | 30560-19-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
015-080-00-2 | amidithion (ISO); 2-methoxyethylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | — | 919-76-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
015-081-00-8 | O,O,O',O'-tetrapropyl dithiopyrophosphate | 221-817-0 | 3244-90-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
015-082-00-3 | azothoate (ISO); O-4-(4-chlorophenylazo)phenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 227-419-3 | 5834-96-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | | |
015-083-00-9 | bensulide (ISO); O,O-diisopropyl 2-phenylsulphonylaminoethyl phosphorodithioate | 212-010-4 | 741-58-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
015-084-00-4 | chlorpyrifos (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridyl phosphorothioate | 220-864-4 | 2921-88-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H400 H410 | | M = 10000 | |
015-085-00-X | chlorphonium chloride (ISO); tributyl (2,4-dichlorobenzyl) phosphonium chloride | 204-105-4 | 115-78-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H301 H312 H319 H315 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 H319 H315 | | | |
015-086-00-5 | coumithoate (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-6-oxo-benzo(c)chromen-3-yl phosphorothioate | — | 572-48-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * | H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 | | | |
015-087-00-0 | cyanophos (ISO); O-4-cyanophenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 220-130-3 | 2636-26-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
015-088-00-6 | dialifos (ISO); 2-chloro-1-phthalimidoethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 233-689-3 | 10311-84-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H400 H410 | | | |
015-089-00-1 | ethoate-methyl (ISO); ethylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 204-121-1 | 116-01-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
015-090-00-7 | fensulfothion (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-4-methylsulfinylphenyl phosphorothioate | 204-114-3 | 115-90-2 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
015-091-00-2 | fonofos (ISO); O-ethyl phenyl ethylphosphonodithioate | 213-408-0 | 944-22-9 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
015-092-00-8 | phosacetim (ISO); O,O-bis(4-chlorophenyl) N-acetimidoylphosphoramidothioate | 223-874-7 | 4104-14-7 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
015-093-00-3 | leptophos (ISO); O-4-bromo-2,5-dichlorophenyl O-methyl phenylphosphorothioate | 244-472-8 | 21609-90-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H370 ** H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H370 ** H312 H410 | | | |
015-094-00-9 | mephosfolan (ISO); diethyl 4-methyl-1,3-dithiolan-2-ylidenephosphoramidate | 213-447-3 | 950-10-7 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H310 H300 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H411 | | | |
015-095-00-4 | methamidophos (ISO); O,S-dimethyl phosphoramidothioate | 233-606-0 | 10265-92-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H330 H300 H311 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H311 H400 | | | |
015-096-00-X | oxydisulfoton (ISO); O,O-diethyl S-2-ethylsulphinylethyl phosphorodithioate | 219-679-1 | 2497-07-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | M = 10 | |
015-097-00-5 | phenthoate (ISO); ethyl 2-(dimethoxyphosphinothioylthio)-2-phenylacetate | 219-997-0 | 2597-03-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-098-00-0 | trichloronate (ISO); O-ethyl O-2,4,5-trichlorophenyl ethylphosphonothioate | 206-326-1 | 327-98-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | | |
015-099-00-6 | pirimiphos-ethyl (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-2-diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl phosphorothioate | 245-704-0 | 23505-41-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H410 | | | |
015-100-00-X | phoxim (ISO); α-(diethoxyphosphinothioylimino) phenylacetonitrile | 238-887-3 | 14816-18-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-101-00-5 | phosmet (ISO); O,O-dimethyl phthalimidomethyl S-phosphorodithioate | 211-987-4 | 732-11-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-102-00-0 | tris(2-chloroethyl) phosphate | 204-118-5 | 115-96-8 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H411 | | | |
015-103-00-6 | phosphorus tribromide | 232-178-2 | 7789-60-8 | Skin Corr. 1B STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | EUH014 | | |
015-104-00-1 | diphosphorus pentasulphide; phosphorus pentasulphide | 215-242-4 | 1314-80-3 | Flam. Sol. 1 Water-react. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H228 H260 H332 H302 H400 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H228 H260 H332 H302 H400 | EUH029 | | T |
015-105-00-7 | triphenyl phosphite | 202-908-4 | 101-02-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H410 | | Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 5 % | |
015-106-00-2 | hexamethylphosphoric triamide; hexamethylphosphoramide | 211-653-8 | 680-31-9 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B | H350 H340 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H340 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
015-107-00-8 | ethoprophos (ISO); ethyl-S,S-dipropyl phosphorodithioate | 236-152-1 | 13194-48-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H301 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H301 H317 H410 | | | |
015-108-00-3 | bromophos (ISO); O-4-bromo-2,5-dichlorophenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 218-277-3 | 2104-96-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-109-00-9 | crotoxyphos (ISO); 1-phenylethyl 3-(dimethoxyphosphinyloxy) isocrotonate | 231-720-5 | 7700-17-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | M = 10 | |
015-110-00-4 | cyanofenphos (ISO); O-4-cyanophenyl O-ethyl phenylphosphonothioate | — | 13067-93-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H370 ** H312 H319 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H370 ** H312 H319 H411 | | | |
015-111-00-X | phosfolan (ISO); diethyl 1,3-dithiolan-2-ylidenephosphoramidate | 213-423-2 | 947-02-4 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-112-00-5 | thionazin (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-pyrazin-2-yl phosphorothioate; | 206-049-6 | 297-97-2 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-114-00-6 | chlormephos (ISO); S-chloromethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 246-538-1 | 24934-91-6 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
015-115-00-1 | chlorthiophos (ISO) | 244-663-6 | 21923-23-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | | |
015-116-00-7 | demephion-O (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-2-methylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 211-666-9 | 682-80-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H300 H311 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 H311 | | | |
015-117-00-2 | demephion-S (ISO); O,O-dimethyl S-2-methylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 219-971-9 | 2587-90-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H300 H311 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 H311 | | | |
015-118-00-8 | demeton | — | 8065-48-3 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H310 H300 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H400 | | | |
015-119-00-3 | dimethyl 4-(methylthio)phenyl phosphate | — | 3254-63-5 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-120-00-9 | ditalimfos (ISO); O,O-diethyl phthalimidophosphonothioate | 225-875-8 | 5131-24-8 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 | | | |
015-121-00-4 | edifenphos (ISO); O-ethyl S,S-diphenyl phosphorodithioate | 241-178-1 | 17109-49-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H312 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H312 H317 H410 | | | |
015-122-00-X | etrimfos (ISO); O-6-ethoxy-2-ethylpyrimidin-4-yl O,O-dimethylphosphorothioate | 253-855-9 | 38260-54-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | M = 10 | |
015-123-00-5 | fenamiphos (ISO); ethyl-4-methylthio-m-tolyl isopropyl phosphoramidate | 244-848-1 | 22224-92-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-124-00-0 | fosthietan (ISO); diethyl 1,3-dithietan-2-ylidenephosphoramidate | 244-437-7 | 21548-32-3 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
015-125-00-6 | glyphosine (ISO); N,N-bis(phosphonomethyl)glycine | 219-468-4 | 2439-99-8 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
015-126-00-1 | heptenophos (ISO); 7-chlorobicyclo(3.2.0)hepta-2,6-dien-6-yl dimethyl phosphate | 245-737-0 | 23560-59-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-127-00-7 | iprobenfos(ISO); S-benzyl diisopropyl phosphorothioate | 247-449-0 | 26087-47-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
015-128-00-2 | IPSP; S-ethylsulphinylmethyl O,O-diisopropylphosphorodithioate | — | 5827-05-4 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H301 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-129-00-8 | isofenphos (ISO); O-ethyl O-2-isopropoxycarbonylphenyl-isopropylphosphoramidothioate | 246-814-1 | 25311-71-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-130-00-3 | isothioate (ISO); S-2-isopropylthioethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate; | — | 36614-38-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H311 H301 | | | |
015-131-00-9 | isoxathion (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-5-phenylisoxazol-3-ylphosphorothioate | 242-624-8 | 18854-01-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | | |
015-132-00-4 | S-(chlorophenylthiomethyl) O,O-dimethylphosphorodithioate; methylcarbophenothione | — | 953-17-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-133-00-X | piperophos (ISO); S-2-methylpiperidinocarbonylmethyl-O,O-dipropyl phosphorodithioate | — | 24151-93-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | M = 10 | |
015-134-00-5 | pirimiphos-methyl (ISO); O-(2-diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl) O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 249-528-5 | 29232-93-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
015-135-00-0 | profenofos (ISO) O-(4-bromo-2-chlorophenyl) O-ethyl S-propyl phosphorothioate; | 255-255-2 | 41198-08-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-136-00-6 | trans-isopropyl-3-[[(ethylamino)methoxyfosfinothioyl]oxy]crotonate; isopropyl 3-[[(ethylamino)methoxyphosphinothioyl]oxy]isocrotonate; propetamphos (ISO) | 250-517-2 | 31218-83-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | M = 100 | |
015-137-00-1 | pyrazophos (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-(6-ethoxycarbonyl-5-methylpyrazolo[2,3-a]pyrimidin-2-yl) phosphorothioate | 236-656-1 | 13457-18-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H410 | | | |
015-138-00-7 | quinalphos (ISO); O,O-diethyl-O-quinoxalin-2-yl phosphorothioate | 237-031-6 | 13593-03-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-139-00-2 | terbufos (ISO); S-tert-butylthiomethyl O,O-diethylphosphorodithioate; | 235-963-8 | 13071-79-9 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
015-140-00-8 | triazophos (ISO); O,O-diethyl-O-1-phenyl-1H,2,4-triazol-3-yl phosphorothioate | 245-986-5 | 24017-47-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H312 H410 | | | |
015-141-00-3 | ethylenediammonium O,O-bis(octyl) phosphorodithioate, mixed isomers | 400-520-1 | — | Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H302 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H302 H410 | | | |
015-142-00-9 | butyl (dialkyloxy(dibutoxyphosphoryloxy))titanium (trialkyloxy)titanium phosphate | 401-100-0 | — | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H319 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H319 H411 | | | T |
015-143-00-4 | reaction mass of 2-chloroethyl chloropropyl 2-chloroethylphosphonate, reaction mass of isomers and 2-chloroethyl chloropropyl 2-chloropropylphosphonate, reaction mass of isomers | 401-740-0 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
015-144-00-X | reaction mass of pentyl methylphosphinate and 2-methylbutyl methylphosphinate | 402-090-0 | 87025-52-3 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
015-145-00-5 | reaction mass of copper(I) O,O-diisopropyl phosphorodithioate and copper(I) O-isopropyl O-(4-methylpent-2-yl) phosphorodithioate and copper(I) O,O-bis(4-methylpent-2-yl) phosphorodithioate | 401-520-4 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
015-146-00-0 | S-(tricyclo(5.2.1.02,6)deca-3-en-8(or 9)-yl O-(isopropyl or isobutyl or 2-ethylhexyl) O-(isopropyl or isobutyl or 2-ethylhexyl) phosphorodithioate | 401-850-9 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
015-147-00-6 | reaction mass of C12-14-tert-alkylammonium diphenyl phosphorothioate and dinonyl sulphide (or disulphide) | 400-930-0 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
015-148-00-1 | 2-(diphosphonomethyl)succinic acid | 403-070-4 | 51395-42-7 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H317 | | | |
015-149-00-7 | reaction mass of: hexyldioctylphosphineoxide; dihexyloctylphosphineoxide; trioctylphosphineoxide | 403-470-9 | — | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H410 | | | |
015-150-00-2 | (2-(1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)ethyl)triphenylphosphonium bromide | 404-940-6 | 86608-70-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H373 ** H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H373 ** H412 | | | |
015-151-00-8 | tris(isopropyl/tert-butylphenyl) phosphate | 405-010-2 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
015-152-00-3 | dioxabenzofos (ISO); 2-methoxy-4H-1,3,2-benzodioxaphosphorin 2-sulphide | 223-292-3 | 3811-49-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H311 H301 H370 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H370 ** H411 | | | |
015-153-00-9 | isazofos (ISO); O-(5-chloro-1-isopropyl-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl) O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 255-863-8 | 42509-80-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H311 H301 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H311 H301 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
015-154-00-4 | 2-chloroethylphosphonic acid; ethephon | 240-718-3 | 16672-87-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H312 H314 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H312 H314 H412 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
015-155-00-X | ammonium 2-amino-4-(hydroxymethylphosphinyl)butyrate; glufosinate ammonium | 278-636-5 | 77182-82-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
015-156-00-5 | methyl 3-[(dimethoxyphosphinothioyl)oxy]methacrylate; [1] methacrifos (ISO); methyl (E)-3-[(dimethoxyphosphinothioyl)oxy]methacrylate [2] | 250-366-9 [1]-[2] | 30864-28-9 [1] 62610-77-9 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
015-157-00-0 | phosphonic acid; [1] phosphorous acid [2] | 237-066-7 [1] 233-663-1 [2] | 13598-36-2 [1] 10294-56-1 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 | | | |
015-158-00-6 | (η-cyclopentadienyl)(η-cumenyl)iron(1+)hexafluorophosphate(1-) | 402-340-9 | 32760-80-8 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
015-159-00-1 | hydroxyphosphonoacetic acid | 405-710-8 | 23783-26-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H373 ** H314 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H314 H317 | | | |
015-160-00-7 | vanadyl pyrophosphate | 406-260-5 | 58834-75-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 H412 | | | |
015-161-00-2 | divanadyl pyrophosphate | 407-130-0 | 65232-89-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
015-162-00-8 | vanadium(IV) oxide hydrogen phosphate hemihydrate, lithium, zinc, molybdenum, iron and chlorine-doped | 407-350-7 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H373 ** H318 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H373 ** H318 H411 | | | |
015-163-00-3 | bis(2,6-dimethoxybenzoyl)-2,4,4-trimethylpentylphosphinoxide | 412-010-6 | 145052-34-2 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
015-164-00-9 | calcium P,P'-(1-hydroxyethylene)bis(hydrogen phosphonate)dihydrate | 400-480-5 | 36669-85-9 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
015-165-00-4 | reaction mass of: thiobis(4,1-phenylene)-S,S,S',S'-tetraphenyldisulfonium bishexafluorophosphate; diphenyl(4-phenylthiophenyl)sulfonium hexafluorophosphate | 404-986-7 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
015-166-00-X | 3,9-bis(2,6-di-tert-butyl-4-methylphenoxy)-2,4,8,10-tetraoxa-3,9-diphosphaspiro[5.5]undecane | 410-290-4 | 80693-00-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
015-167-00-5 | 3-(hydroxyphenylphosphinyl)propanoic acid | 411-200-6 | 14657-64-8 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
015-168-00-0 | fosthiazate (ISO); (RS)-S-sec-butyl-O-ethyl-2-oxo-1,3-thiazolidin-3-ylphosphonothioate | — | 98886-44-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H312 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H312 H317 H410 | EUH070 | | |
015-169-00-6 | tributyltetradecylphosphonium tetrafluoroborate | 413-520-1 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H410 | | | |
015-170-00-1 | reaction mass of: di-(1-octane-N,N,N-trimethylammonium) octylphosphate; 1-octane-N,N,N-trimethylammonium di-octylphosphate; 1-octane-N,N,N-trimethylammonium octylphosphate | 407-490-9 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | | |
015-171-00-7 | O,O,O-tris(2(or 4)-C9-10-isoalkylphenyl) phosphorothioate | 406-940-1 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
015-172-00-2 | reaction mass of: bis(isotridecylammonium)mono(di-(4-methylpent-2-yloxy)thiophosphorothionylisopropyl)phosphate; isotridecylammonium bis(di-(4-methylpent-2-yloxy)thiophosphorothionylisopropyl)phosphate | 406-240-6 | — | Flam. Liq. 3 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H314 H411 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H314 H411 | | | |
015-173-00-8 | methyl [2-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-6-methoxypyrimidin-4-yl]ethylphosphonothioate | 414-080-3 | 117291-73-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
015-174-00-3 | 1-chloro-N,N-diethyl-1,1-diphenyl-1-(phenylmethyl)phosphoramine | 411-370-1 | 82857-68-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H318 H411 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H318 H411 | | | |
015-175-00-9 | tert-butyl (triphenylphosphoranylidene) acetate | 412-880-7 | 35000-38-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H373 ** H319 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H373 ** H319 H317 H411 | | | |
015-176-00-4 | P,P,P',P'-tetrakis-(o-methoxyphenyl)propane-1,3-diphosphine | 413-430-2 | 116163-96-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
015-177-00-X | ((4-phenylbutyl)hydroxyphosphoryl)acetic acid | 412-170-7 | 83623-61-4 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H373 ** H318 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H373 ** H318 H317 | | | |
015-178-00-5 | (R)-α-phenylethylammonium (-)-(1R, 2S)-(1,2-epoxypropyl)phosphonate monohydrate | 418-570-8 | 25383-07-7 | Repr. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361f *** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H361f *** H411 | | | |
015-179-00-0 | UVCB condensation product of: tetrakis-hydroxymethylphosphonium chloride, urea and distilled hydrogenated C16-18 tallow alkylamine | 422-720-8 | 166242-53-1 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H410 | | | |
015-180-00-6 | [R-(R*,S*)]-[[2-methyl-1-(1-oxopropoxy)propoxy]-(4-phenylbutyl)phosphinyl] acetic acid, (-)-cinchonidine (1:1) salt | 415-820-8 | 137590-32-0 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
015-181-00-1 | phosphine | 232-260-8 | 7803-51-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H220 H330 H314 H400 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H220 H330 H314 H400 | | | U |
015-184-00-8 | Salts of glyphosate, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | A |
015-186-00-9 | chlorpyrifos-methyl (ISO) O,O-dimethyl O-3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridyl phosphorothioate | 227-011-5 | 5598-13-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | M = 10000 | |
015-187-00-4 | reaction mass of: tetrasodium(((2-hydroxyethyl)imino)bis(methylene))bisphosphonate, N-oxide; trisodium ((tetrahydro-2-hydroxy-4H-1,4,2-oxazaphosphorin-4-yl)-methyl)phosphonate, N-oxide, P-oxide | 417-540-1 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
015-189-00-5 | phenyl bis(2,4,6-trimethylbenzoyl)-phosphine oxide | 423-340-5 | 162881-26-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
016-001-00-4 | hydrogen sulphide | 231-977-3 | 7783-06-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H220 H330 H400 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H220 H330 H400 | | | U |
016-002-00-X | barium sulphide | 244-214-4 | 21109-95-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H332 H302 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-003-00-5 | barium polysulphides | 256-814-3 | 50864-67-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-004-00-0 | calcium sulphide | 243-873-5 | 20548-54-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-005-00-6 | calcium polysulphides | 215-709-2 | 1344-81-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-006-00-1 | dipotassium sulphide; potassium sulphide | 215-197-0 | 1312-73-8 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-007-00-7 | potassium polysulphides | 253-390-1 | 37199-66-9 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-008-00-2 | ammonium polysulphides | 232-989-1 | 9080-17-5 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | EUH031 | EUH031: C ≥ 1 % | |
016-009-00-8 | disodium sulphide; sodium sulphide | 215-211-5 | 1313-82-2 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-010-00-3 | sodium polysulphides | 215-686-9 | 1344-08-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H314 H400 | EUH031 | | |
016-011-00-9 | sulphur dioxide | 231-195-2 | 7446-09-5 | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H331 H314 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H314 | | * | U 5 |
016-012-00-4 | disulphur dichloride; sulfur monochloride | 233-036-2 | 10025-67-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H332 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H332 H314 H400 | EUH014 EUH029 | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
016-013-00-X | sulphur dichloride | 234-129-0 | 10545-99-0 | Skin Corr. 1B STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H335 H400 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H335 H400 | EUH014 | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
016-014-00-5 | sulphur tetrachloride | — | 13451-08-6 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | EUH014 | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
016-015-00-0 | thionyl dichloride; thionyl chloride | 231-748-8 | 7719-09-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H332 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H302 H314 | EUH014 EUH029 | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
016-016-00-6 | sulphuryl chloride | 232-245-6 | 7791-25-5 | Skin Corr. 1B STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | EUH014 | | |
016-017-00-1 | chlorosulphonic acid | 232-234-6 | 7790-94-5 | Skin Corr. 1A STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | EUH014 | | |
016-018-00-7 | fluorosulphonic acid | 232-149-4 | 7789-21-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H332 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H314 | | | |
016-019-00-2 | oleum ... % SO3 | — | — | Skin Corr. 1A STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | EUH014 | | B |
016-020-00-8 | sulphuric acid ... % | 231-639-5 | 7664-93-9 | Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 15 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 5 % ≤ C 016-021-00-3 | methanethiol; methyl mercaptan | 200-822-1 | 74-93-1 | Flam. Gas. 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H220 H331 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H220 H331 H410 | | | U |
016-022-00-9 | ethanethiol; ethyl mercaptan | 200-837-3 | 75-08-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H225 H332 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H332 H410 | | | |
016-023-00-4 | dimethyl sulphate | 201-058-1 | 77-78-1 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H350 H341 H330 H301 H314 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H350 H341 H330 H301 H314 H317 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % Muta. 2; H341: C ≥ 0,01 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
016-024-00-X | dimexano(ISO); bis(methoxythiocarbonyl) disulphide | 215-993-8 | 1468-37-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
016-025-00-5 | disul (ISO); 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)ethyl hydrogensulphate; 2,4-DES | 205-259-5 | 149-26-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H315 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 | | | |
016-026-00-0 | sulphamidic acid; sulphamic acid; sulfamic acid | 226-218-8 | 5329-14-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H412 | | | |
016-027-00-6 | diethyl sulphate | 200-589-6 | 64-67-5 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H350 H340 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H340 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
016-028-00-1 | sodium dithionite; sodium hydrosulphite | 231-890-0 | 7775-14-6 | Self-heat. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * | H251 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H251 H302 | EUH031 | | |
016-029-00-7 | p-toluenesulphonic acid, containing more than 5 % H2SO4 | — | — | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 10 % ≤ C 016-030-00-2 | p-toluenesulphonic acid (containing a maximum of 5 % H2SO4) | 203-180-0 | 104-15-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 20 % | |
016-031-00-8 | tetrahydrothiophene-1,1-dioxide; sulpholane | 204-783-1 | 126-33-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
016-032-00-3 | 1,3-propanesultone; 1,2-oxathiolane 2,2-dioxide | 214-317-9 | 1120-71-4 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H312 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H312 H302 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
016-033-00-9 | dimethylsulfamoylchloride | 236-412-4 | 13360-57-1 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H350 H330 H312 H302 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H330 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
016-034-00-4 | tetrasodium 3,3'-(piperazine-1,4-diylbis((6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diyl)imino(2-acetamido)-4,1-phenyleneazo))bis(naphthalene-1,5-disulphonate) | 400-010-9 | 81898-60-4 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-035-00-X | pentasodium 5-anilino-3-(4-(4-(6-chloro-4-(3-sulphonatoanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2,5-dimethylphenylazo)-2,5-disulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulphonate | 400-120-7 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
016-036-00-5 | tetrasodium 5-(4,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-2,3-azodinaphthalene-1,2,5,7-disulphonate | 400-130-1 | — | Resp. Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H334 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H334 H411 | | | |
016-037-00-0 | disodium 1-amino-4-(4-benzenesulphonamido-3-sulphonatoanilino)anthraquinone-2-sulphonate | 400-350-8 | 85153-93-1 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
016-038-00-6 | disodium 6-((4-chloro-6-(N-methyl)-2-toluidino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-1-hydroxy-2-(4-methoxy-2-sulphonatophenylazo)naphthalene-3-sulphonate | 400-380-1 | 86393-35-3 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-039-00-1 | tetrasodium 2-(6-chloro-4-(4-(2,5-dimethyl-4-(2,5-disulphonatophenylazo)phenylazo)-3-ureidoanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)benzene-1,4-disulphonate | 400-430-2 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-040-00-7 | reaction mass of disodium 6-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)-3-(4-(4-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)anilino)-3-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulphonate and disodium 6-(2,4-diaminophenylazo)-3-(4-(4-(2,4-diaminophenylazo)anilino)-3-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulphonate and trisodium 6-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)-3-(4-(4-(7-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)-1-hydroxy-3-sulphonato-2-naphthylazo)anilino)-3-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulphonate | 400-570-4 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
016-041-00-2 | calcium 2,5-dichloro-4-(4-((5-chloro-4-methyl-2-sulphonatophenyl)azo)-5-hydroxy-3-methylpyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulphonate | 400-710-4 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 | GHS07 Wng | H332 | | | |
016-042-00-8 | tetrasodium 5-benzamido-3-(5-(4-fluoro-6-(1-sulphonato-2-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7- disulphonate | 400-790-0 | 85665-97-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | |
016-043-00-3 | dilithium 6-acetamido-4-hydroxy-3-(4-((2-sulphonatooxy)ethylsulphonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2-sulphonate | 401-010-1 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-044-00-9 | disodium S,S-hexane-1,6-diyldi(thiosulphate) dihydrate | 401-320-7 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
016-045-00-4 | lithium sodium hydrogen 4-amino-6-(5-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)-2-sulphonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-(sulphonatooxy)ethylsulphonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulphonate | 401-560-2 | 108624-00-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-046-00-X | sodium hydrogensulphate | 231-665-7 | 7681-38-1 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
016-047-00-5 | hexasodium 7-(4-(4-(4-(2,5-disulphonatoanilino)-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-methylphenylazo)-7-sulphonatonaphthylazo)naphthalene-1,3,5- trisulphonate | 401-650-1 | 85665-96-9 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-048-00-0 | sodium 3,5-dichloro-2-(5-cyano-2,6-bis(3-hydroxypropylamino)-4-methylpyridin-3-ylazo)benzenesulphonate | 401-870-8 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
016-049-00-6 | calcium octadecylxylenesulphonate | 402-040-8 | — | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H411 | | | |
016-050-00-1 | potassium sodium 5-(4-chloro-6-(N-(4-(4-chloro-6-(5-hydroxy-2,7-disulphonato-6-(2-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino) phenyl-N-methyl)amino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-(2-sulphonatophenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulphonat | 402-150-6 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | |
016-051-00-7 | trisodium 7-(4-(6-fluoro-4-(2-(2-vinylsulphonylethoxy)ethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-ureidophenylazo)naphthalene-1,3,6- trisulphonate | 402-170-5 | 106359-91-5 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-052-00-2 | benzyltributylammonium 4-hydroxynaphthalene-1-sulphonate | 402-240-5 | 102561-46-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H411 | | | |
016-053-00-8 | (C16 or C18-n-alkyl)(C16 or C18-n-alkyl)ammonium 2-((C16 or C18-n-alkyl)(C16 or C18-n-alkyl)carbamoyl)benzenesulphonate | 402-460-1 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H315 H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 H413 | | | |
016-054-00-3 | sodium 4-(2,4,4-trimethylpentylcarbonyloxy)benzenesulfonate | 400-030-8 | — | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 | H331 H372 ** H302 H319 H335 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H372 ** H302 H319 H335 H317 | | | |
016-055-00-9 | tetrasodium 4-amino-3,6-bis(5-(6-chloro-4-(2-hydroxyethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-sulfonate (containing > 35 % sodium chloride and sodium acetate) | 400-510-7 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
016-056-00-4 | potassium hydrogensulphate | 231-594-1 | 7646-93-7 | Skin Corr. 1B STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | | | |
016-057-00-X | styrene-4-sulfonyl chloride | 404-770-2 | 2633-67-2 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 | | | |
016-058-00-5 | thionyl chloride, reaction products with 1,3,4-thiadiazol-2,5-dithiol, tert-nonanethiol and C12-14-tert-alkylamine | 404-820-3 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 H412 | | | |
016-059-00-0 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyldithiobis(ethylene)diamine dihydrochloride | 405-300-9 | 17339-60-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
016-060-00-6 | diammonium peroxodisulphate; ammonium persulphate | 231-786-5 | 7727-54-0 | Ox. Sol. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H272 H302 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | GHS03 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H272 H302 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | | | |
016-061-00-1 | dipotassium peroxodisulphate; potassium persulphate | 231-781-8 | 7727-21-1 | Ox. Sol. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H272 H302 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | GHS03 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H272 H302 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | | | |
016-062-00-7 | bensultap (ISO); 1,3-bis(phenylsulfonylthio)-2-(N,N-dimethylamino)propane | — | 17606-31-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
016-063-00-2 | sodium metabisulphite | 231-673-0 | 7681-57-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 | EUH031 | | |
016-064-00-8 | sodium hydrogensulphite . . . %; sodium bisulphite . . . % | 231-548-0 | 7631-90-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | EUH031 | | B |
016-065-00-3 | sodium 1-amino-4-[2-methyl-5-(4-methylphenylsulfonylamino)phenylamino]anthraquinone-2-sulfonate | 400-100-8 | 84057-97-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
016-066-00-9 | tetrasodium [5-((4-amino-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino)-2-((2-hydroxy-3,5-disulfonatophenylazo)-2- sulfonatobenzylidenehydrazino)benzoate]copper(II) | 404-070-7 | 116912-62-0 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
016-067-00-4 | (4-methylphenyl)mesitylene sulfonate | 407-530-5 | 67811-06-7 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
016-068-00-X | sodium 3,5-bis(tetradecyloxycarbonyl)benzenesulfinate | 407-720-8 | 155160-86-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
016-069-00-5 | 3,5-bis-(tetradecyloxycarbonyl)benzenesulfinic acid | 407-990-7 | 141915-64-2 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
016-070-00-0 | 4-benzyloxy-4'-(2,3-epoxy-2-methylprop-1-yloxy)diphenylsulfone | 408-220-2 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
016-071-00-6 | trisodium 3-amino-6,13-dichloro-10-((3-((4-chloro-6-(2-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino)propyl) amino)-4,11-triphenoxydioxazinedisulfonate | 410-130-3 | 136248-03-8 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
016-072-00-1 | 3-amino-4-hydroxy-N-(2-methoxyethyl)-benzenesulfonamide | 411-520-6 | 112195-27-4 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
016-073-00-7 | tetrakis(phenylmethyl)thioperoxydi(carbothioamide) | 404-310-0 | 10591-85-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
016-074-00-2 | 6-fluoro-2-methyl-3-(4-methylthiobenzyl)indene | 405-410-7 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
016-075-00-8 | 2,2'-diallyl-4,4'-sulfonyldiphenol | 411-570-9 | 41481-66-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
016-076-00-3 | 2,3-bis((2-mercaptoethyl)thio)-1-propanethiol | 411-290-7 | 131538-00-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H410 | | | |
016-077-00-9 | 2-chloro-p-toluenesulfochloride | 412-890-1 | 42413-03-6 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H317 H412 | | | |
016-078-00-4 | 4-methyl-N,N-bis(2-(((4-methylphenyl)sulfonyl)amino)ethyl)benzenesulfonamide | 413-300-5 | 56187-04-3 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | | | | |
016-079-00-X | N,N-bis(2-(p-toluenesulfonyloxy)ethyl)-p-toluenesulfonamide | 412-920-3 | 16695-22-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
016-080-00-5 | sodium 2-anilino-5-(2-nitro-4-(N-phenylsulfamoyl))anilinobenzenesulfonate | 412-320-1 | 31361-99-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
016-081-00-0 | hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyrrole-1-(1H)-ammonium N-ethoxycarbonyl-N-(p-tolylsulfonyl)azanide | 418-350-1 | — | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H341 H302 H319 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H341 H302 H319 H317 H411 | | | |
016-082-00-6 | ethoxysulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-(2-ethoxyphenoxysulfonyl)urea | — | 126801-58-9 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
016-083-00-1 | acibenzolar-S-methyl; benzo[1,2,3]thiadiazole-7-carbothioic acid S-methyl ester | 420-050-0 | 135158-54-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
016-084-00-7 | prosulfuron; 1-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-3-[2-(3,3,3-trifluoropropyl)phenylsulfonyl]urea | — | 94125-34-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
016-085-00-2 | flazasulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-(3-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridylsulfonyl)urea | — | 104040-78-0 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
016-086-00-8 | tetrasodium 10-amino-6,13-dichloro-3-(3-(4-(2,5-disulfonatoanilino)-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)prop-3-ylamino)-5,12-dioxa-7,14-diazapentacene-4,11-disulfonate | 402-590-9 | 109125-56-6 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
016-087-00-3 | reaction mass of: thiobis(4,1-phenylene)-S,S,S',S'-tetraphenyldisulfonium bishexafluorophosphate; diphenyl(4-phenylthiophenyl)sulfonium hexafluorophosphate; propylene carbonate | 403-490-8 | 104558-95-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H317 H410 | | | |
016-088-00-9 | 4-(bis(4-(diethylamino)phenyl)methyl)benzene-1,2-dimethanesulfonic acid | 407-280-7 | 71297-11-5 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
016-089-00-4 | reaction mass of esters of 5,5',6,6',7,7'-hexahydroxy-3,3,3',3'-tetramethyl-1,1'-spirobiindan and 2-diazo-1,2-dihydro-1-oxo-5-sulfonaphthalene | 413-840-1 | — | Self-react. C **** Aquatic Chronic 4 | H242 H413 | GHS02 Dgr | H242 H413 | | | |
016-090-00-X | 4-methyl-N-(methylsulfonyl)benzenesulfonamide | 415-040-8 | 14653-91-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H335 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H335 H318 | | | |
016-091-00-5 | C12-14-tert-alkyl ammonium 1-amino-9,10-dihydro-9,10-dioxo-4-(2,4,6-trimethylanilino)-anthracen-2-sulfonate | 414-110-5 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
016-093-00-6 | reaction mass of: 4-(7-hydroxy-2,4,4-trimethyl-2-chromanyl)resorcinol-4-yl-tris(6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxonaphthalen-1-sulfonate); 4-(7-hydroxy-2,4,4-trimethyl-2-chromanyl)resorcinolbis(6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxonaphthalen-1-sulfonate) (2:1) | 414-770-4 | 140698-96-0 | Self-react. C **** Carc. 2 | H242 H351 | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H242 H351 | | | |
016-095-00-7 | reaction mass of: reaction product of 4,4'-methylenebis[2-(4-hydroxybenzyl)-3,6-dimethylphenol] and 6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-naphthalenesulfonate (1:2); Reaction product of 4,4'-methylenebis[2-(4-hydroxybenzyl)-3,6-dimethylphenol] and 6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-naphthalenesulfonate (1:3) | 417-980-4 | — | Self-react. C **** Carc. 2 | H242 H351 | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H242 H351 | | | |
016-096-00-2 | thifensulfuron-methyl (ISO); methyl 3-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylcarbamoylsulfamoyl)thiophene-2-carboxylate | — | 79277-27-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
017-001-00-7 | chlorine | 231-959-5 | 7782-50-5 | Ox. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H270 H331 H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS03 GHS04 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H270 H331 H319 H335 H315 H400 | | | U |
017-002-00-2 | hydrogen chloride | 231-595-7 | 7647-01-0 | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1A | H331 H314 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H314 | | | U 5 |
017-002-01-X | hydrochloric acid ... % | 231-595-7 | — | Skin Corr. 1B STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 10 % ≤ C 017-003-00-8 | barium chlorate | 236-760-7 | 13477-00-4 | Ox. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H271 H332 H302 H411 | GHS03 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H271 H332 H302 H411 | | | |
017-004-00-3 | potassium chlorate | 223-289-7 | 3811-04-9 | Ox. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H271 H332 H302 H411 | GHS03 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H271 H332 H302 H411 | | | |
017-005-00-9 | sodium chlorate | 231-887-4 | 7775-09-9 | Ox. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H271 H302 H411 | GHS03 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H271 H302 H411 | | | |
017-006-00-4 | perchloric acid ... % | 231-512-4 | 7601-90-3 | Ox. Liq. 1 Skin Corr. 1A | H271 H314 | GHS03 GHS05 Dgr | H271 H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 50 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 10 % ≤ C 50 %: Ox. Liq. 2; H272: C ≤ 50 %: | B |
017-007-00-X | barium perchlorate | 236-710-4 | 13465-95-7 | Ox. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H271 H332 H302 | GHS03 GHS07 Dgr | H271 H332 H302 | | | |
017-008-00-5 | potassium perchlorate | 231-912-9 | 7778-74-7 | Ox. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * | H271 H302 | GHS03 GHS07 Dgr | H271 H302 | | | |
017-009-00-0 | ammonium perchlorate | 232-235-1 | 7790-98-9 | Expl. 1.1 Ox. Sol. 1 | H201 H271 | GHS01 Dgr | H201 H271 | EUH044 | | T |
017-010-00-6 | sodium perchlorate | 231-511-9 | 7601-89-0 | Ox. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * | H271 H302 | GHS03 GHS07 Dgr | H271 H302 | | | |
017-011-00-1 | sodium hypochlorite, solution ... % Cl active | 231-668-3 | 7681-52-9 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | EUH031 | EUH031: C ≥ 5 % | B |
017-012-00-7 | calcium hypochlorite | 231-908-7 | 7778-54-3 | Ox. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H272 H302 H314 H400 | GHS03 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H302 H314 H400 | EUH031 | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 10 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 3 % ≤ C 017-013-00-2 | calcium chloride | 233-140-8 | 10043-52-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
017-014-00-8 | ammonium chloride | 235-186-4 | 12125-02-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
017-015-00-3 | (2-(aminomethyl)phenyl)acetylchloride hydrochloride | 417-410-4 | 61807-67-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 | | | |
017-016-00-9 | methyltriphenylphosphonium chloride | 418-400-2 | 1031-15-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H315 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H315 H318 H411 | | | |
017-017-00-4 | (Z)-13-docosenyl-N,N-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)-N-methyl-ammonium-chloride | 426-210-6 | 120086-58-0 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H410 | | | |
017-018-00-X | N,N,N-trimethyl-2,3-bis(stearoyloxy)propylammonium chloride | 405-660-7 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
017-019-00-5 | (R)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-6,7-dimethoxy-1-veratrylisoquinoline hydrochloride | 415-110-8 | 54417-53-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
017-020-00-0 | ethyl propoxy aluminium chloride | 421-790-7 | 13014-29-4 | Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1A | H260 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H260 H314 | EUH014 | | |
017-021-00-6 | behenamidopropyl-dimethyl-(dihydroxypropyl) ammonium chloride | 423-420-1 | 136920-10-0 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H410 | | | |
019-001-00-2 | potassium | 231-119-8 | 7440-09-7 | Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H260 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H260 H314 | EUH014 | | |
019-002-00-8 | potassium hydroxide; caustic potash | 215-181-3 | 1310-58-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 5 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 2 % ≤ C 020-001-00-X | calcium | 231-179-5 | 7440-70-2 | Water-react. 2 | H261 | GHS02 Dgr | H261 | | | |
020-002-00-5 | calcium cyanide | 209-740-0 | 592-01-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H410 | EUH032 | | |
020-003-00-0 | reaction mass of: dicalcium (bis(2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propenylphenylmethyl)methylamine)dihydroxide; tri-calcium (tris(2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propenylphenylmethyl)methylamine)tri-hydroxide; poly[calcium ((2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propenyl-phenylmethyl)methylamine)hydroxide] | 420-470-4 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | |
022-001-00-5 | titanium tetrachloride | 231-441-9 | 7550-45-0 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | EUH014 | | |
022-002-00-0 | titanium(4+) oxalate | 403-260-7 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
022-003-00-6 | bis(η5-cyclopentadienyl)-bis(2,6-difluoro-3-[pyrrol-1-yl]-phenyl)titanium | 412-000-1 | 125051-32-3 | Flam. Sol. 1 Repr. 2 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H228 H361f *** H373 ** H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H228 H361f *** H373 ** H411 | | | T |
023-001-00-8 | divanadium pentaoxide; vanadium pentoxide | 215-239-8 | 1314-62-1 | Muta. 2 Repr. 2 STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H341 H361d *** H372 ** H332 H302 H335 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H361d *** H372 ** H332 H302 H335 H411 | | | |
024-001-00-0 | chromium (VI) trioxide | 215-607-8 | 1333-82-0 | Ox. Sol. 1 Carc. 1A Muta. 1B Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Skin Corr. 1A Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H271 H350 H340 H361f *** H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H314 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H271 H350 H340 H361f *** H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H314 H334 H317 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
024-002-00-6 | potassium dichromate | 231-906-6 | 7778-50-9 | Ox. Sol. 2 Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | 3 |
024-003-00-1 | ammonium dichromate | 232-143-1 | 7789-09-5 | Ox. Sol. 2 **** Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % Resp. Sens.; H334: C ≥ 0,2 % Skin Sens.; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | G 3 |
024-004-00-7 | sodium dichromate anhydrate | 234-190-3 | 10588-01-9 | Ox. Sol. 2 Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % Resp. Sens.; H334: C ≥ 0,2 % Skin Sens.; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | 3 |
024-004-01-4 | sodium dichromate, dihydrate | 234-190-3 | 7789-12-0 | Ox. Sol. 2 Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % Resp. Sens.; H334: C ≥ 0,2 % Skin Sens.; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | 3 |
024-005-00-2 | chromyl dichloride; chromic oxychloride | 239-056-8 | 14977-61-8 | Ox. Liq. 1 Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Skin Corr. 1A Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H271 H350i H340 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H271 H350i H340 H314 H317 H410 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 10 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 5 % ≤ C 024-006-00-8 | potassium chromate | 232-140-5 | 7789-00-6 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350i H340 H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350i H340 H319 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,5 % | 3 |
024-007-00-3 | zinc chromates including zinc potassium chromate | — | — | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H317 H410 | | | A |
024-008-00-9 | calcium chromate | 237-366-8 | 13765-19-0 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H410 | | | |
024-009-00-4 | strontium chromate | 232-142-6 | 7789-06-2 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H400 H410 | | | |
024-010-00-X | dichromium tris(chromate); chromium III chromate; chromic chromate | 246-356-2 | 24613-89-6 | Ox. Sol. 1 Carc. 1B Skin Corr. 1A Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H271 H350 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H271 H350 H314 H317 H410 | | | T |
024-011-00-5 | ammonium bis(1-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-3-(N-phenylcarbamoyl)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 400-110-2 | 109125-51-1 | Self-react. C **** Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H242 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H410 | | | |
024-012-00-0 | trisodium bis(7-acetamido-2-(4-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-3-sulphonato-1-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 400-810-8 | — | Muta. 2 | H341 | GHS08 Wng | H341 | | | |
024-013-00-6 | trisodium (6-anilino-2-(5-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-3-sulphonato-1-naphtholato)(4-sulphonato-1,1'-azodi-2,2'naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 402-500-8 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
024-014-00-1 | trisodium bis(2-(5-chloro-4-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-sulphonato-1-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 402-870-0 | 93952-24-0 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
024-015-00-7 | disodium (3-methyl-4-(5-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-1-phenylpyrazololato)(1-(3-nitro-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 404-930-1 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H318 H411 | | | |
024-016-00-2 | tetradecylammonium bis(1-(5-chloro-2-oxidophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 405-110-6 | 88377-66-6 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H373 ** H413 | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** H413 | | | |
024-017-00-8 | Chromium (VI) compounds, with the exception of barium chromate and of compounds specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350i H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350i H317 H410 | | | A |
024-018-00-3 | sodium chromate | 231-889-5 | 7775-11-3 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H312 H314 H334 H317 H410 | | Resp. Sens.; H334: C ≥ 0,2 % Skin Sens.; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | 3 |
024-019-00-9 | Main component: acetoacetic acid anilide/3-amino-1-hydroxybenzene (ATAN-MAP): trisodium {6-[(2 or 3 or 4)-amino-(4 or 5 or 6)-hydroxyphenylazo]-5'-(phenylsulfamoyl)-3-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato}-{6''-[1-(phenylcarbamoyl)ethylazo]-5'''-(phenylsulfamoyl)-3''-sulfonatonaphthalene-2''-azobenzene-1'',2'''-diolato}chromate (III); by-product 1: acetoacetic acid anilide/acetoacetic acid anilide (ATAN-ATAN): trisodium bis{6-[1-(phenylcarbamoyl)ethylazo]-5'-(phenylsulfonyl)-3-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato}chromate (III); by-product 2: 3-amino-1-hydroxybenzene/3-amino-1-hydroxybenzene (MAP-MAP): trisodium bis{6-[(2 or 3 or 4)-amino-(4 or 5 or 6)-hydroxyphenylazo]-5'-(phenylsulfamoyl)-3-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato} chromate (III) | 419-230-1 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
024-020-00-4 | trisodium bis[(3'-nitro-5'-sulfonato(6-amino-2-[4-(2-hydroxy-1-naphtylazo)phenylsulfonylamino]pyrimidin-5-azo)benzene-2',4-diolato)]chromate(III) | 418-220-4 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
025-001-00-3 | manganese dioxide | 215-202-6 | 1313-13-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | | |
025-002-00-9 | potassium permanganate | 231-760-3 | 7722-64-7 | Ox. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H302 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H302 H410 | | | |
025-003-00-4 | manganese sulphate | 232-089-9 | 7785-87-7 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H411 | | | |
025-004-00-X | bis(N,N',N''-trimethyl-1,4,7-triazacyclononane)-trioxo-dimanganese (IV) di(hexafluorophosphate) monohydrate | 411-760-1 | 116633-53-5 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
025-005-00-5 | reaction mass of: tri-sodium [29H, 31H-phthalocyanine-C,C,C-trisulfonato (6-)-N29,N30,N31,N32] manganate (3-); tetrasodium [29H,31H-phthalocyanine-C,C,C,C-tetrasulfonato (6-)-N29,N30,N31,N32], manganate (3-); pentasodium [29H,31H-phthalocyanine-C,C,C,C,C-pentasulfonato (6-)-N29,N30,N31,N32] manganate (3-) | 417-660-4 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
026-001-00-6 | (η-cumene)-(η-cyclopentadienyl)iron(II) hexafluoroantimonate | 407-840-0 | 100011-37-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H412 | | | |
026-002-00-1 | (η-cumene)-(η-cyclopentadienyl)iron(II) trifluoromethane-sulfonate | 407-880-9 | 117549-13-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
027-001-00-9 | cobalt | 231-158-0 | 7440-48-4 | Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H334 H317 H413 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 H317 H413 | | | |
027-002-00-4 | cobalt oxide | 215-154-6 | 1307-96-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
027-003-00-X | cobalt sulphide | 215-273-3 | 1317-42-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
027-004-00-5 | cobalt dichloride | 231-589-4 | 7646-79-9 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350i H302 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350i H302 H334 H317 H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350i: C ≥ 0,01 % * | 1 |
027-005-00-0 | cobalt sulphate | 233-334-2 | 10124-43-3 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350i H302 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350i H302 H334 H317 H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350i: C ≥ 0,01 % | 1 |
028-001-00-1 | tetracarbonylnickel; nickel tetracarbonyl | 236-669-2 | 13463-39-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H225 H351 H360D *** H330 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H351 H360D *** H330 H410 | | | |
028-002-00-7 | nickel | 231-111-4 | 7440-02-0 | Carc. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H351 H317 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H317 | | | |
028-003-00-2 | nickel monoxide | 215-215-7 | 1313-99-1 | Carc. 1Ai Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H350i H317 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350i H317 H413 | | | |
028-004-00-8 | nickel dioxide | 234-823-3 | 12035-36-8 | Carc. 1Ai Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H350i H317 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350i H317 H413 | | | |
028-005-00-3 | dinickel trioxide | 215-217-8 | 1314-06-3 | Carc. 1Ai Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H350i H317 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350i H317 H413 | | | |
028-006-00-9 | nickel sulphide | 240-841-2 | 16812-54-7 | Carc. 1Ai Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350i H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350i H317 H410 | | | |
028-007-00-4 | nickel subsulphide; trinickel disulphide | 234-829-6 | 12035-72-2 | Carc. 1Ai Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350i H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350i H317 H411 | | | |
028-008-00-X | nickel dihydroxide | 235-008-5 | 12054-48-7 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H332 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H332 H302 H317 H410 | | | |
028-009-00-5 | nickel sulphate | 232-104-9 | 7786-81-4 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H302 H334 H317 H410 | | | |
028-010-00-0 | nickel carbonate | 222-068-2 | 3333-67-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H317 H410 | | | |
029-001-00-4 | copper chloride; copper (I) chloride; cuprous chloride | 231-842-9 | 7758-89-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H400 H410 | | | |
029-002-00-X | dicopper oxide; copper (I) oxide | 215-270-7 | 1317-39-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
029-003-00-5 | Naphthenic acids, copper salts; copper naphthenate | 215-657-0 | 1338-02-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H302 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H302 H410 | | | |
029-004-00-0 | copper sulphate | 231-847-6 | 7758-98-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H315 H410 | | | |
029-005-00-6 | (tris(chloromethyl)phthalocyaninato)copper(II), reaction products with N-methylpiperazine and methoxyacetic acid | 401-260-1 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
029-006-00-1 | tris(octadec-9-enylammonium) (trisulfonatophthalocyaninato)copper(II) | 403-210-4 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
029-007-00-7 | (trisodium (2-((3-(6-(2-chloro-5-sulfonato)anilino)-4-(3-carboxypyridinio)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylmethylazo)-4-sulfonatobenzoato)copper(3-)) hydroxide | 404-670-9 | 89797-01-3 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | G |
029-008-00-2 | copper(II) methanesulfonate | 405-400-2 | 54253-62-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H410 | | | |
029-009-00-8 | phthalocyanine-N-[3-(diethylamino)propyl]sulfonamide copper complex | 413-650-9 | 93971-95-0 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
029-010-00-3 | reaction mass of compounds from (dodecakis(p-tolylthio)phthalocyaninato)copper(II) to (hexadecakis(p-tolylthio)phthalocyaninato)copper(II) | 407-700-9 | 101408-30-4 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
029-011-00-9 | sodium [29H,31H-phthalocyaninato-(2-)-N29,N30,N31,N32]-((3-(N-methyl-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)propyl)amino)sulfonyl-sulfonato, copper complex | 412-730-0 | 150522-10-4 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
029-012-00-4 | sodium ((N-(3-trimethylammoniopropyl)sulfamoyl)methylsulfonatophthalocyaninato)copper(II) | 407-340-2 | 124719-24-0 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
029-013-00-X | trisodium(2-(α-(3-(4-chloro-6-(2-(2-(vinylsulfonyl)ethoxy)ethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)benzylidenehydrazino)-4-sulfonatobenzoato)copper(II) | 407-580-8 | 130201-51-3 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
030-001-00-1 | zinc powder — zinc dust (pyrophoric) | 231-175-3 | 7440-66-6 | Water-react. 1 Pyr. Sol. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H260 H250 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H260 H250 H410 | | | T |
030-001-01-9 | zinc powder — zinc dust (stabilised) | 231-175-3 | 7440-66-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
030-003-00-2 | zinc chloride | 231-592-0 | 7646-85-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
030-004-00-8 | dimethylzinc; [1] diethylzinc [2] | 208-884-1 [1] 209-161-3 [2] | 544-97-8 [1] 557-20-0 [2] | Pyr. Liq. 1 Water-react. 1 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H250 H260 H314 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H250 H260 H314 H410 | EUH014 | | |
030-005-00-3 | diamminediisocyanatozinc | 401-610-3 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H302 H318 H334 H317 H400 | GHS05 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H334 H317 H400 | | | |
030-006-00-9 | zinc sulphate (hydrous) (mono-, hexa- and hepta hydrate); [1] zinc sulphate (anhydrous) [2] | 231-793-3 [1] 231-793-3 [2] | 7446-19-7 [1] 7733-02-0 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H410 | | | |
030-007-00-4 | bis(3,5-di-tert-butylsalicylato-O1,O2)zinc | 403-360-0 | 42405-40-3 | Flam. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H228 H302 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H228 H302 H410 | | | T |
030-008-00-X | hydroxo(2-(benzenesulfonamido)benzoato)zinc(II) | 403-750-0 | 113036-91-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H411 | | | |
030-011-00-6 | trizinc bis(orthophosphate) | 231-944-3 | 7779-90-0 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
030-013-00-7 | zinc oxide | 215-222-5 | 1314-13-2 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
033-001-00-X | arsenic | 231-148-6 | 7440-38-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H410 | | | |
033-002-00-5 | arsenic compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H410 | | * | A 1 |
033-003-00-0 | diarsenic trioxide; arsenic trioxide | 215-481-4 | 1327-53-3 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H300 H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H300 H314 H410 | | | |
033-004-00-6 | diarsenic pentaoxide; arsenic pentoxide; arsenic oxide | 215-116-9 | 1303-28-2 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H301 H410 | | | |
033-005-00-1 | arsenic acid and its salts | — | — | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H301 H410 | | | A |
033-006-00-7 | arsine | 232-066-3 | 7784-42-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H220 H330 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H220 H330 H373 ** H410 | | | U |
033-007-00-2 | tert-butylarsine | 423-320-6 | 4262-43-5 | Pyr. Liq. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H250 H330 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H250 H330 | | | |
034-001-00-2 | selenium | 231-957-4 | 7782-49-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H331 H301 H373 ** H413 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H301 H373 ** H413 | | | |
034-002-00-8 | selenium compounds except cadmium sulphoselenide | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | A |
034-003-00-3 | sodium selenite | 233-267-9 | 10102-18-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H300 H331 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H331 H317 H411 | EUH031 | | |
035-001-00-5 | bromine | 231-778-1 | 7726-95-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H330 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H314 H400 | | | |
035-002-00-0 | hydrogen bromide | 233-113-0 | 10035-10-6 | Press. Gas Skin Corr. 1A STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS04 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | | | U |
035-002-01-8 | hydrobromic acid ... % | — | — | Skin Corr. 1B STOT SE 3 | H314 H335 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H335 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 40 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 10 % ≤ C 035-003-00-6 | potassium bromate | 231-829-8 | 7758-01-2 | Ox. Sol. 1 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * | H271 H350 H301 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H271 H350 H301 | | | |
035-004-00-1 | 2-hydroxyethylammonium perbromide | 407-440-6 | — | Ox. Sol. 2 **** Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H272 H302 H314 H317 H400 | GHS03 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H302 H314 H317 H400 | | | |
040-001-00-3 | zirconium powder (pyrophoric) | 231-176-9 | 7440-67-7 | Water-react. 1 Pyr. Sol. 1 | H260 H250 | GHS02 Dgr | H260 H250 | | | T |
040-002-00-9 | zirconium powder, dry (non pyrophoric) | — | — | Self-heat. 1 | H251 | GHS02 Dgr | H251 | | | T |
042-001-00-9 | molybdenum trioxide | 215-204-7 | 1313-27-5 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H373 ** H319 H335 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H373 ** H319 H335 | | | |
042-002-00-4 | tetrakis(dimethylditetradecylammonium) hexa-μ-oxotetra-μ3-oxodi-μ5-oxotetradecaoxooctamolybdate(4-) | 404-760-8 | 117342-25-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H331 H318 H413 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H318 H413 | | | |
042-003-00-X | tetrakis(trimethylhexadecylammonium) hexa-mu-oxotetra-mu3-oxodi-mu5-oxotetradecaoxooctamolybdate(4-) | 404-860-1 | 116810-46-9 | Flam. Sol. 1 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H228 H318 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H228 H318 H410 | | | T |
042-004-00-5 | Reaction product of ammonium molybdate and C12-C24-diethoxylated alkylamine (1:5-1:3) | 412-780-3 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H411 | | | |
047-001-00-2 | silver nitrate | 231-853-9 | 7761-88-8 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H410 | | | |
048-001-00-5 | cadmium compounds, with the exception of cadmium sulphoselenide (xCdS.yCdSe), reaction mass of cadmium sulphide with zinc sulphide (xCdS.yZnS), reaction mass of cadmium sulphide with mercury sulphide (xCdS.yHgS), and those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | * | A 1 |
048-002-00-0 | cadmium (non-pyrophoric); [1] cadmium oxide (non-pyrophoric) [2] | 231-152-8 [1] 215-146-2 [2] | 7440-43-9 [1] 1306-19-0 [2] | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H341 H361fd H330 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H361fd H330 H372 ** H410 | | | |
048-003-00-6 | cadmium diformate; cadmiumformate | 224-729-0 | 4464-23-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Carc. 2 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H351 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H351 H373 ** H410 | | * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,25 % | |
048-004-00-1 | cadmium cyanide | 208-829-1 | 542-83-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Carc. 2 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H351 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H351 H373 ** H410 | EUH032 | STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,1 % EUH032: C ≥ 1 % | |
048-005-00-7 | cadmiumhexafluorosilicate(2-); cadmium fluorosilica | 241-084-0 | 17010-21-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Carc. 2 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H351 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H351 H373 ** H410 | | * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
048-006-00-2 | cadmium fluoride | 232-222-0 | 7790-79-6 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % * oral STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 7 % STOT RE 2: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-007-00-8 | cadmium iodide | 232-223-6 | 7790-80-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Carc. 2 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H351 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H351 H373 ** H410 | | * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
048-008-00-3 | cadmium chloride | 233-296-7 | 10108-64-2 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % * oral STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 7 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-009-00-9 | cadmium sulphate | 233-331-6 | 10124-36-4 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H340 H360FD H330 H301 H372 ** H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % * oral STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 7 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-010-00-4 | cadmium sulphide | 215-147-8 | 1306-23-6 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H350 H341 H361fd H372 ** H302 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H341 H361fd H372 ** H302 H413 | | * STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 10 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-011-00-X | cadmium (pyrophoric) | 231-152-8 | 7440-43-9 | Pyr. Sol. 1 Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H250 H350 H341 H361fd H330 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H250 H350 H341 H361fd H330 H372 ** H410 | | | |
050-001-00-5 | tin tetrachloride; stannic chloride | 231-588-9 | 7646-78-8 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 H412 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
050-002-00-0 | cyhexatin (ISO); hydroxytricyclohexylstannane; tri(cyclohexyl)tin hydroxide | 236-049-1 | 13121-70-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | | |
050-003-00-6 | fentin acetate (ISO); triphenyltin acetate | 212-984-0 | 900-95-8 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H361d *** H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H335 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H361d *** H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H335 H315 H318 H410 | | | |
050-004-00-1 | fentin hydroxide (ISO); triphenyltin hydroxide | 200-990-6 | 76-87-9 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H361d *** H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H335 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H361d *** H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H335 H315 H318 H410 | | | |
050-005-00-7 | trimethyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H410 | | * | A 1 |
050-006-00-2 | triethyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H410 | | * | A 1 |
050-007-00-8 | tripropyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | * | A 1 |
050-008-00-3 | tributyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H372 ** H312 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H372 ** H312 H319 H315 H410 | | * oral STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 1 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,25 % ≤ C 050-009-00-9 | fluorotripentylstannane; [1] hexapentyldistannoxane [2] | 243-546-7 [1] 247-143-7 [2] | 20153-49-5 [1] 25637-27-8 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | * | 1 |
050-010-00-4 | fluorotrihexylstannane | 243-547-2 | 20153-50-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | * | 1 |
050-011-00-X | triphenyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | * | A 1 |
050-012-00-5 | tetracyclohexylstannane; [1] chlorotricyclohexylstannane; [2] butyltricyclohexylstannane [3] | 215-910-5 [1] 221-437-5 [2] 230-358-5 [3] | 1449-55-4 [1] 3091-32-5 [2] 7067-44-9 [3] | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | * | A 1 |
050-013-00-0 | trioctyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H319 H335 H315 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H413 | | Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 1 % Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 1 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | A 1 |
050-017-00-2 | fenbutatin oxide (ISO); bis(tris(2-methyl-2-phenylpropyl)tin)oxide | 236-407-7 | 13356-08-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H319 H315 H410 | | | |
050-018-00-8 | tin(II) methanesulphonate | 401-640-7 | 53408-94-9 | Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H314 H302 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H302 H317 | | | |
050-019-00-3 | azocyclotin (ISO); 1-(tricyclohexylstannyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole | 255-209-1 | 41083-11-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H301 H335 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H301 H335 H315 H318 H410 | | | |
050-020-00-9 | trioctylstannane | 413-320-4 | 869-59-0 | STOT RE 1 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H372 ** H315 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H372 ** H315 H413 | | | |
051-001-00-8 | antimony trichloride | 233-047-2 | 10025-91-9 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H411 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
051-002-00-3 | antimony pentachloride | 231-601-8 | 7647-18-9 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H411 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
051-003-00-9 | antimony compounds, with the exception of the tetroxide (Sb2O4), pentoxide (Sb2O5), trisulphide (Sb2S3), pentasulphide (Sb2S5) and those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H411 | | * | A 1 |
051-004-00-4 | antimony trifluoride | 232-009-2 | 7783-56-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H411 | | | |
051-005-00-X | antimony trioxide | 215-175-0 | 1309-64-4 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | |
051-006-00-5 | diphenyl(4-phenylthiophenyl)sulfonium hexafluoroantimonate | 403-500-0 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
051-007-00-0 | bis(4-dodecylphenyl)iodonium hexafluoroantimonate | 404-420-9 | 71786-70-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
053-001-00-3 | iodine | 231-442-4 | 7553-56-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H332 H312 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H400 | | | |
053-002-00-9 | hydrogen iodide | 233-109-9 | 10034-85-2 | Press. Gas Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | GHS04 GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 10 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 0,2 % ≤ C 053-002-01-6 | hydriodic acid ... % | — | — | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 10 % ≤ C 053-005-00-5 | (4-(1-methylethyl)phenyl)-(4-methylphenyl)iodonium tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)borate (1-) | 422-960-3 | 178233-72-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | |
056-001-00-1 | barium peroxide | 215-128-4 | 1304-29-6 | Ox. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H272 H332 H302 | GHS03 GHS07 Dgr | H272 H332 H302 | | | |
056-002-00-7 | barium salts, with the exception of barium sulphate, salts of 1-azo-2-hydroxynaphthalenyl aryl sulphonic acid, and of salts specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | * | A 1 |
056-003-00-2 | barium carbonate | 208-167-3 | 513-77-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
056-004-00-8 | barium chloride | 233-788-1 | 10361-37-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H301 H332 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H332 | | | |
072-001-00-4 | hafnium tetra-n-butoxide | 411-740-2 | 22411-22-9 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
074-001-00-X | hexasodium tungstate hydrate | 412-770-9 | 12141-67-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H412 | | | |
074-002-00-5 | Reaction products of tungsten hexachloride with 2-methylpropan-2-ol, nonylphenol and pentane-2,4-dione | 408-250-6 | — | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H225 H332 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H332 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
076-001-00-5 | osmium tetraoxide; osmic acid | 244-058-7 | 20816-12-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B | H330 H310 H300 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H314 | | | |
078-001-00-0 | tetrachloroplatinates with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H318 H334 H317 | | | A |
078-002-00-6 | diammonium tetrachloroplatinate | 237-499-1 | 13820-41-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H315 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H315 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
078-003-00-1 | disodium tetrachloroplatinate | 233-051-4 | 10026-00-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H315 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H315 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
078-004-00-7 | dipotassium tetrachloroplatinate | 233-050-9 | 10025-99-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H315 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H315 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
078-005-00-2 | hexachloroplatinates with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H318 H334 H317 | | | A |
078-006-00-8 | disodium hexachloroplatinate | 240-983-5 | 16923-58-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
078-007-00-3 | dipotassium hexachloroplatinate | 240-979-3 | 16921-30-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
078-008-00-9 | diammonium hexachloroplatinate | 240-973-0 | 16919-58-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H318 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
078-009-00-4 | hexachloroplatinic acid | 241-010-7 | 16941-12-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H314 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H314 H334 H317 | | | |
080-001-00-0 | mercury | 231-106-7 | 7439-97-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H373 ** H410 | | | |
080-002-00-6 | inorganic compounds of mercury with the exception of mercuric sulphide and those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H410 | | * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,1 % | A 1 |
080-003-00-1 | dimercury dichloride; mercurous chloride; calomel | 233-307-5 | 10112-91-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
080-004-00-7 | organic compounds of mercury with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H410 | | * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,1 % | A 1 |
080-005-00-2 | mercury difulminate; mercuric fulminate; fulminate of mercury | 211-057-8 | 628-86-4 | Unst. Expl. Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H200 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H200 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | | | |
080-005-01-X | mercury difulminate; mercuric fulminate; fulminate of mercury [≥ 20 % phlegmatiser] | 211-057-8 | 628-86-4 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | | | |
080-006-00-8 | dimercury dicyanide oxide; mercuric oxycyanide | 215-629-8 | 1335-31-5 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | T |
080-007-00-3 | dimethylmercury; [1] diethylmercury [2] | 209-805-3 [1] 211-000-7 [2] | 593-74-8 [1] 627-44-1 [2] | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H410 | | * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,05 % | 1 |
080-008-00-9 | phenylmercury nitrate; [1] phenylmercury hydroxide; [2] basic phenylmercury nitrate [3] | 200-242-9 [1] 202-866-7 [2] -[3] | 55-68-5 [1] 100-57-2 [2] 8003-05-2 [3] | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H372 ** H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H372 ** H314 H410 | | | |
080-009-00-4 | 2-methoxyethylmercury chloride | 204-659-7 | 123-88-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H372 ** H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H372 ** H314 H410 | | | |
080-010-00-X | mercury dichloride; mercuric chloride | 231-299-8 | 7487-94-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H372 ** H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H372 ** H314 H410 | | | |
080-011-00-5 | phenylmercury acetate | 200-532-5 | 62-38-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H372 ** H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H372 ** H314 H410 | | | |
081-001-00-3 | thallium | 231-138-1 | 7440-28-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H330 H300 H373 ** H413 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H330 H300 H373 ** H413 | | | |
081-002-00-9 | thallium compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H373 ** H411 | | | A |
081-003-00-4 | dithallium sulphate; thallic sulphate | 231-201-3 | 7446-18-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H300 H372 ** H315 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H372 ** H315 H411 | | | |
082-001-00-6 | lead compounds with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H410 | | Repr. 2; H361f: C ≥ 2,5 % * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,5 % | A 1 |
082-002-00-1 | lead alkyls | — | — | Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H410 | | Repr. 1A; H360D: C ≥ 0,1 % * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,05 % | A 1 |
082-003-00-7 | lead diazide; lead azide | 236-542-1 | 13424-46-9 | Unst. Expl. Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H200 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H200 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-003-01-4 | lead diazide; lead azide [≥ 20 % phlegmatiser] | 236-542-1 | 13424-46-9 | Expl. 1.1 Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-004-00-2 | lead chromate | 231-846-0 | 7758-97-6 | Carc. 2 Repr. 1A STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H360Df H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H360Df H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-005-00-8 | lead di(acetate) | 206-104-4 | 301-04-2 | Repr. 1A STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-006-00-3 | trilead bis(orthophosphate) | 231-205-5 | 7446-27-7 | Repr. 1A STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-007-00-9 | lead acetate, basic | 215-630-3 | 1335-32-6 | Carc. 2 Repr. 1A STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H360Df H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H360Df H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-008-00-4 | lead(II) methanesulphonate | 401-750-5 | 17570-76-2 | Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 | | | 1 |
082-009-00-X | Lead sulfochromate yellow; C.I. Pigment Yellow 34; [This substance is identified in the Colour Index by Colour Index Constitution Number, C.I. 77603.] | 215-693-7 | 1344-37-2 | Carc. 2 Repr. 1A STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H360Df H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H360Df H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-010-00-5 | Lead chromate molybdate sulfate red; C.I. Pigment Red 104; [This substance is identified in the Colour Index by Colour Index Constitution Number, C.I. 77605.] | 235-759-9 | 12656-85-8 | Carc. 2 Repr. 1A STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H360Df H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H360Df H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
082-011-00-0 | lead hydrogen arsenate | 232-064-2 | 7784-40-9 | Carc. 1A Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H360Df H331 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H360Df H331 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
092-001-00-8 | uranium | 231-170-6 | 7440-61-1 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H330 H300 H373 ** H413 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H330 H300 H373 ** H413 | | | |
092-002-00-3 | uranium compounds | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H373 ** H411 | | | A |
601-001-00-4 | methane | 200-812-7 | 74-82-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
601-002-00-X | ethane | 200-814-8 | 74-84-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
601-003-00-5 | propane | 200-827-9 | 74-98-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
601-004-00-0 | butane; [1] and isobutane [2] | 203-448-7 [1] 200-857-2 [2] | 106-97-8 [1] 75-28-5 [2] | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | C U |
601-004-01-8 | butane (containing ≥ 0,1 % butadiene (203-450-8)); [1] isobutane (containing ≥ 0,1 % butadiene (203-450-8)) [2] | 203-448-7 [1] 200-857-2 [2] | 106-97-8 [1] 75-28-5 [2] | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | C S U |
601-005-00-6 | 2,2-dimethylpropane; neopentane | 207-343-7 | 463-82-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Aquatic Chronic 2 | H220 H411 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS09 Dgr | H220 H411 | | | U |
601-006-00-1 | pentane | 203-692-4 | 109-66-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H304 H336 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H304 H336 H411 | EUH066 | | C |
601-007-00-7 | hexane, reaction mass of isomers (containing 601-008-00-2 | heptane [and isomers] [1] | 205-563-8 [1] 203-548-0 [2] 207-346-3 [3] 209-230-8 [4] 209-280-0 [5] 209-643-3 [6] 209-680-5 [7] 209-730-6 [8] 210-529-0 [9] 250-610-8 [10] | 142-82-5 [1] 108-08-7 [2] 464-06-2 [3] 562-49-2 [4] 565-59-3 [5] 589-34-4 [6] 590-35-2 [7] 591-76-4 [8] 617-78-7 [9] 31394-54-4 [10] | Flam. Liq. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H225 H304 H315 H336 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H304 H315 H336 H410 | | | C |
601-009-00-8 | octane [and isomers] [1] | 203-892-1 [1] 208-759-1 [2] 209-207-2 [3] 209-243-9 [4] 209-266-4 [5] 209-292-6 [6] 209-504-7 [7] 209-547-1 [8] 209-649-6 [9] 209-650-1 [10] 209-660-6 [11] 209-689-4 [12] 209-745-8 [13] 209-747-9 [14] 209-855-6 [15] 210-187-2 [16] 210-621-0 [17] 213-923-0 [18] 247-861-0 [19] | 111-65-9 [1] 540-84-1 [2] 560-21-4 [3] 563-16-6 [4] 564-02-3 [5] 565-75-3 [6] 583-48-2 [7] 584-94-1 [8] 589-43-5 [9] 589-53-7 [10] 589-81-1 [11] 590-73-8 [12] 592-13-2 [13] 592-27-8 [14] 594-82-1 [15] 609-26-7 [16] 619-99-8 [17] 1067-08-9 [18] 26635-64-3 [19] | Flam. Liq. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H225 H304 H315 H336 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H304 H315 H336 H410 | | | C |
601-010-00-3 | ethylene | 200-815-3 | 74-85-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas STOT SE 3 | H220 H336 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS07 Dgr | H220 H336 | | | U |
601-011-00-9 | propene; propylene | 204-062-1 | 115-07-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
601-012-00-4 | but-1-ene; [1] butene, mixed-1-and-2-isomers; [2] 2-methylpropene; [3] (Z)-but-2-ene; [4] (E)-but-2-ene [5] | 203-449-2 [1] 203-452-9 [2] 204-066-3 [3] 209-673-7 [4] 210-855-3 [5] | 106-98-9 [1] 107-01-7 [2] 115-11-7 [3] 590-18-1 [4] 624-64-6 [5] | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | C U |
601-013-00-X | 1,3-butadiene; buta-1,3-diene | 203-450-8 | 106-99-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | D U |
601-014-00-5 | isoprene (stabilised) 2-methyl-1,3-butadiene | 201-143-3 | 78-79-5 | Flam. Liq. 1 Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H224 H350 H341 H412 | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H224 H350 H341 H412 | | | D |
601-015-00-0 | acetylene; ethyne | 200-816-9 | 74-86-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | EUH006 | | U |
601-016-00-6 | cyclopropane | 200-847-8 | 75-19-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
601-017-00-1 | cyclohexane | 203-806-2 | 110-82-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H225 H304 H315 H336 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H304 H315 H336 H410 | | | |
601-018-00-7 | methylcyclohexane | 203-624-3 | 108-87-2 | Flam. Liq. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H304 H315 H336 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H304 H315 H336 H411 | | | |
601-019-00-2 | 1,4-dimethylcyclohexane | 209-663-2 | 589-90-2 | Flam. Liq. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H304 H315 H336 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H304 H315 H336 H411 | | | |
601-020-00-8 | benzene | 200-753-7 | 71-43-2 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1A Muta. 1B STOT RE 1 Asp. Tox. 1 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H350 H340 H372 ** H304 H319 H315 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H350 H340 H372 ** H304 H319 H315 | | | E |
601-021-00-3 | toluene | 203-625-9 | 108-88-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Repr. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H361d *** H304 H373 ** H315 H336 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H361d *** H304 H373 ** H315 H336 | | | |
601-022-00-9 | o-xylene; [1] p-xylene; [2] m-xylene; [3] xylene [4] | 202-422-2 [1] 203-396-5 [2] 203-576-3 [3] 215-535-7 [4] | 95-47-6 [1] 106-42-3 [2] 108-38-3 [3] 1330-20-7 [4] | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 | H226 H332 H312 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H312 H315 | | * | C |
601-023-00-4 | ethylbenzene | 202-849-4 | 100-41-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 | | | |
601-024-00-X | cumene; [1] propylbenzene [2] | 202-704-5 [1] 203-132-9 [2] | 98-82-8 [1] 103-65-1 [2] | Flam. Liq. 3 Asp. Tox. 1 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H304 H335 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H304 H335 H411 | | | C |
601-025-00-5 | mesitylene; 1,3,5-trimethylbenzene | 203-604-4 | 108-67-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H335 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H335 H411 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 25 % | |
601-026-00-0 | styrene | 202-851-5 | 100-42-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H226 H332 H319 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H319 H315 | | * | D |
601-027-00-6 | 2-phenylpropene; α-methylstyrene | 202-705-0 | 98-83-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H319 H335 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H319 H335 H411 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 25 % | |
601-028-00-1 | 2-methylstyrene; 2-vinyltoluene | 210-256-7 | 611-15-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H411 | | | |
601-029-00-7 | dipentene; limonene; [1] (R)-p-mentha-1,8-diene; d-limonene; [2] (S)-p-mentha-1,8-diene; l-limonene; [3] trans-1-methyl-4-(1-methylvinyl)cyclohexene; [4] (±)-1-methyl-4-(1-methylvinyl)cyclohexene [5] | 205-341-0 [1] 227-813-5 [2] 227-815-6 [3] 229-977-3 [4] 231-732-0 [5] | 138-86-3 [1] 5989-27-5 [2] 5989-54-8 [3] 6876-12-6 [4] 7705-14-8 [5] | Flam. Liq. 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H315 H317 H410 | | | C |
601-030-00-2 | cyclopentane | 206-016-6 | 287-92-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H412 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 H412 | | | |
601-031-00-8 | 2,4,4-trimethylpent-1-ene | 203-486-4 | 107-39-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H411 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H411 | | | |
601-032-00-3 | benzo[a]pyrene; benzo[def]chrysene | 200-028-5 | 50-32-8 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H340 H360FD H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H340 H360FD H317 H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
601-033-00-9 | benz[a]anthracene | 200-280-6 | 56-55-3 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | | |
601-034-00-4 | benz[e]acephenanthrylene | 205-911-9 | 205-99-2 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | | |
601-035-00-X | benzo[j]fluoranthene | 205-910-3 | 205-82-3 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | | |
601-036-00-5 | benzo[k]fluoranthene | 205-916-6 | 207-08-9 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | | |
601-037-00-0 | n-hexane | 203-777-6 | 110-54-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Repr. 2 Asp. Tox. 1 STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H361f *** H304 H373 ** H315 H336 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H361f *** H304 H373 ** H315 H336 H411 | | STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 5 % | |
601-041-00-2 | dibenz[a,h]anthracene | 200-181-8 | 53-70-3 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
601-042-00-8 | biphenyl; diphenyl | 202-163-5 | 92-52-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
601-043-00-3 | 1,2,4-trimethylbenzene | 202-436-9 | 95-63-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H332 H319 H335 H315 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H332 H319 H335 H315 H411 | | | |
601-044-00-9 | 3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindene | 201-052-9 | 77-73-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 H411 | | | |
601-045-00-4 | 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene | 204-340-2 | 119-64-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H411 | EUH019 | | |
601-046-00-X | 7-methylocta-1,6-diene | 404-210-7 | 42152-47-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS09 Wng | H226 H410 | | | |
601-047-00-5 | m-mentha-1,3(8)-diene | 404-150-1 | 17092-80-7 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
601-048-00-0 | chrysene | 205-923-4 | 218-01-9 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H341 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H410 | | | |
601-049-00-6 | benzo[e]pyrene | 205-892-7 | 192-97-2 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | | |
601-051-00-7 | 4-phenylbut-1-ene | 405-980-7 | 768-56-9 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
601-052-00-2 | naphthalene | 202-049-5 | 91-20-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H410 | | | |
601-053-00-8 | nonylphenol; [1] 4-nonylphenol, branched [2] | 246-672-0 [1] 284-325-5 [2] | 25154-52-3 [1] 84852-15-3 [2] | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361fd H302 H314 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H361fd H302 H314 H410 | | | |
601-054-00-3 | reaction mass of isomers of: dibenzylbenzene; dibenzyl(methyl)benzene; dibenzyl(dimethyl)benzene; dibenzyl(trimethyl)benzene | 405-570-8 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
601-055-00-9 | reaction mass of isomers of: mono-(2-tetradecyl)naphthalenes; di-(2-tetradecyl)naphthalenes; tri-(2-tetradecyl)naphthalenes | 410-190-0 | 132983-41-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H319 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H413 | | | |
601-056-00-4 | reaction mass of isomers of: methyldiphenylmethane; dimethyldiphenylmethane | 405-470-4 | 73807-39-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H410 | | | |
601-057-00-X | N-dodecyl-[3-(4-(dimethylamino)benzamido)-propyl]dimethylammonium tosylate | 421-130-8 | 156679-41-3 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H410 | | | |
601-058-00-5 | di-L-para-menthene | 417-870-6 | 83648-84-4 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
601-059-00-0 | methyl 2-benzylidene-3-oxobutyrate | 420-940-9 | 15768-07-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H411 | | | |
601-060-00-6 | 1,2-bis[4-fluoro-6-{4-sulfo-5-(2-(4-sulfonaphtalene-3-ylazo)-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfo-8-aminonaphthalene-7-ylazo)phenylamino}-1,3,5-triazin-2ylamino]ethane; x-sodium, y-potassium salts x = 7,755 y = 0,245 | 417-610-1 | 155522-09-1 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
601-061-00-1 | (ethyl-1,2-ethanediyl)[-2-[[[(2-hydroxyethyl)methylamino]acetyl]-propyl]ω-(nonylphenoxy)poly]oxy-(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl) | 418-960-8 | — | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H411 | | | |
601-062-00-7 | reaction mass of: branched triacontane; branched dotriacontane; branched tetratriacontane; branched hexatriacontane | 417-030-9 | 151006-59-6 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
601-063-00-2 | reaction mass of isomers of branched tetracosane | 417-060-2 | 151006-61-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H332 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H413 | | | |
601-064-00-8 | branched hexatriacontane | 417-070-7 | 151006-62-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
601-065-00-3 | reaction mass of: (1'-α,3'-α,6'-α-2,2,3',7',7'-pentamethylspiro(1,3-dioxane-5,2'-norcarane); (1'α,3'β,6'α)-2,2,3',7',7'-pentamethylspiro(1,3-dioxane-5,2'-norcarane) | 416-930-9 | — | STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H318 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H373 ** H318 H411 | | | |
601-066-00-9 | 1-(4-(trans-4-heptylcyclohexyl)phenyl) ethanone | 426-820-2 | 78531-60-9 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
601-067-00-4 | triethyl arsenate | 427-700-2 | 15606-95-8 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H301 H410 | | | |
601-068-00-X | 1,2-diacetoxybut-3-ene | 421-720-5 | 18085-02-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
601-069-00-5 | 2-ethyl-1-(2-(1,3-dioxanyl)ethyl)-pyridinium bromide | 422-680-1 | 287933-44-2 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
601-071-00-6 | 1-dimethoxymethyl-2-nitro-benzene | 423-830-9 | 20627-73-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
601-073-00-7 | 1-bromo-3,5-difluorobenzene | 416-710-2 | 461-96-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H302 H373 ** H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H302 H373 ** H315 H317 H410 | | | |
601-074-00-2 | reaction mass of: 4-(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-en-1-yl)-1-methyl-2-oxabicyclo[2.2.2]octane; 1-(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-en-1-yl)-5-methyl-6-oxabicyclo[3.2.1]octane; spiro[cyclohex-3-en-1-yl-[(4,5,6,6a-tetrahydro-3,6',6',6'a-tetramethyl)-1,3'(3'aH)-[2H]cyclopenta[b]furan]; spiro[cyclohex-3-en-1-yl-[4,5,6,6a-tetrahydro-4,6',6',6'a-tetramethyl)-1,3'(3'aH)-[2H]cyclopenta[b]]furan] | 422-040-1 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H411 | | | |
601-085-00-2 | isopentane; 2-methylbutane | 201-142-8 | 78-78-4 | Flam. Liq. 1 Asp. Tox. 1 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H224 H304 H336 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H224 H304 H336 H411 | EUH066 | | |
602-001-00-7 | chloromethane; methyl chloride | 200-817-4 | 74-87-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 2 STOT RE 2 * | H220 H351 H373 ** | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H351 H373 ** | | | U |
602-002-00-2 | bromomethane; methylbromide | 200-813-2 | 74-83-9 | Press. Gas Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Ozone | H341 H331 H301 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H400 EUH059 | GHS04 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H331 H301 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H400 | EUH059 | | U |
602-003-00-8 | dibromomethane | 200-824-2 | 74-95-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H412 | | * | |
602-004-00-3 | dichloromethane; methylene chloride | 200-838-9 | 75-09-2 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | |
602-005-00-9 | methyl iodide; iodomethane | 200-819-5 | 74-88-4 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H351 H312 H331 H301 H335 H315 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H351 H312 H331 H301 H335 H315 | | | |
602-006-00-4 | trichloromethane; chloroform | 200-663-8 | 67-66-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 | H351 H302 H373 ** H373 ** H315 | GHS07 GHS08 Wng | H351 H302 H373 ** H373 ** H315 | | * STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 5 % | |
602-007-00-X | bromoform; tribromomethane | 200-854-6 | 75-25-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H319 H315 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H319 H315 H411 | | | |
602-008-00-5 | carbon tetrachloride; tetrachloromethane | 200-262-8 | 56-23-5 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 Ozone | H351 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H412 EUH059 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H351 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H412 | EUH059 | * STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 1 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,2 % ≤ C 602-009-00-0 | chloroethane | 200-830-5 | 75-00-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H220 H351 H412 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H351 H412 | | | U |
602-010-00-6 | 1,2-dibromoethane | 203-444-5 | 106-93-4 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H331 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H411 | | * | |
602-011-00-1 | 1,1-dichloroethane | 200-863-5 | 75-34-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H302 H319 H335 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H302 H319 H335 H412 | | * | |
602-012-00-7 | 1,2-dichloroethane; ethylene dichloride | 203-458-1 | 107-06-2 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H350 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H350 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
602-013-00-2 | 1,1,1-trichloroethane; methyl chloroform | 200-756-3 | 71-55-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Ozone | H332 EUH059 | GHS07 Wng | H332 | EUH059 | | F |
602-014-00-8 | 1,1,2-trichloroethane | 201-166-9 | 79-00-5 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H351 H332 H312 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H332 H312 H302 | EUH066 | * | |
602-015-00-3 | 1,1,2,2-tetrachloroethane | 201-197-8 | 79-34-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H310 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H411 | | | |
602-016-00-9 | 1,1,2,2-tetrabromoethane | 201-191-5 | 79-27-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H330 H319 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H319 H412 | | | |
602-017-00-4 | pentachloroethane | 200-925-1 | 76-01-7 | Carc. 2 STOT RE 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H372 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H372 ** H411 | | STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 1 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,2 % ≤ C 602-018-00-X | 1-chloropropane; [1] 2-chloropropane [2] | 208-749-7 [1] 200-858-8 [2] | 540-54-5 [1] 75-29-6 [2] | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 | | | C |
602-019-00-5 | 1-bromopropane; n-propyl bromide | 203-445-0 | 106-94-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 Repr. 1B STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H360FD H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H336 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H360FD H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H336 | | | |
602-020-00-0 | 1,2-dichloropropane; propylene dichloride | 201-152-2 | 78-87-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 | | | |
602-021-00-6 | 1,2-dibromo-3-chloropropane | 202-479-3 | 96-12-8 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H340 H360F *** H301 H373 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H340 H360F *** H301 H373 ** H412 | | | |
602-022-00-1 | 1-chloropentane; [1] 2-chloropentane; [2] 3-chloropentane [3] | 208-846-4 [1] 210-885-7 [2] 210-467-4 [3] | 543-59-9 [1] 625-29-6 [2] 616-20-6 [3] | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 | | | C |
602-023-00-7 | vinyl chloride; chloroethylene | 200-831-0 | 75-01-4 | Press. Gas Flam. Gas 1 Carc. 1A | H220 H350 | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 | | | D U |
602-024-00-2 | bromoethylene | 209-800-6 | 593-60-2 | Press. Gas Flam. Gas 1 Carc. 1B | H220 H350 | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 | | | U |
602-025-00-8 | 1,1-dichloroethylene; vinylidene chloride | 200-864-0 | 75-35-4 | Flam. Liq. 1 Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H224 H351 H332 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H351 H332 | | * | D |
602-026-00-3 | 1,2-dichloroethylene; [1] cis-dichloroethylene; [2] trans-dichloroethylene [3] | 208-750-2 [1] 205-859-7 [2] 205-860-2 [3] | 540-59-0 [1] 156-59-2 [2] 156-60-5 [3] | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H332 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H412 | | * | C |
602-027-00-9 | trichloroethylene; trichloroethene | 201-167-4 | 79-01-6 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H341 H319 H315 H336 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H341 H319 H315 H336 H412 | | | |
602-028-00-4 | tetrachloroethylene | 204-825-9 | 127-18-4 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H411 | | | |
602-029-00-X | 3-chloropropene; allyl chloride | 203-457-6 | 107-05-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H225 H351 H341 H332 H312 H302 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H351 H341 H332 H312 H302 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H400 | | | D |
602-030-00-5 | 1,3-dichloropropene; [1] (Z)-1,3-dichloropropene [2] | 208-826-5 [1] 233-195-8 [2] | 542-75-6 [1] 10061-01-5 [2] | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H301 H332 H312 H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H301 H332 H312 H319 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | C D |
602-031-00-0 | 1,1-dichloropropene | 209-253-3 | 563-58-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H301 H412 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H225 H301 H412 | | | |
602-032-00-6 | 3-chloro-2-methylpropene | 209-251-2 | 563-47-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H332 H302 H314 H317 H411 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 H314 H317 H411 | | | |
602-033-00-1 | chlorobenzene | 203-628-5 | 108-90-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H332 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H332 H411 | | * | |
602-034-00-7 | 1,2-dichlorobenzene; o-dichlorobenzene | 202-425-9 | 95-50-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | * | |
602-035-00-2 | 1,4-dichlorobenzene; p-dichlorobenzene | 203-400-5 | 106-46-7 | Carc. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H319 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H319 H410 | | | |
602-036-00-8 | chloroprene (stabilised); 2-chlorobuta-1,3-diene (stabilised) | 204-818-0 | 126-99-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H350 H332 H302 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H350 H332 H302 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 | | | D |
602-037-00-3 | α-chlorotoluene; benzyl chloride | 202-853-6 | 100-44-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H350 H331 H302 H373 ** H335 H315 H318 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H350 H331 H302 H373 ** H335 H315 H318 | | | |
602-038-00-9 | α, α,α-trichlorotoluene; benzotrichloride | 202-634-5 | 98-07-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H350 H331 H302 H335 H315 H318 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H350 H331 H302 H335 H315 H318 | | | |
602-039-00-4 | polychlorobiphenyls; PCB | 215-648-1 | 1336-36-3 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H410 | | STOT RE 2; H373: C ≥ 0,005 % | C |
602-040-00-X | 2-chlorotoluene; [1] 3-chlorotoluene; [2] 4-chlorotoluene; [3] chlorotoluene [4] | 202-424-3 [1] 203-580-5 [2] 203-397-0 [3] 246-698-2 [4] | 95-49-8 [1] 108-41-8 [2] 106-43-4 [3] 25168-05-2 [4] | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H411 | | | C |
602-041-00-5 | penthachloronaphthalene | 215-320-8 | 1321-64-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H319 H315 H410 | | | C |
602-042-00-0 | 1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorcyclohexanes with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H301 H312 H410 | | | A C |
602-043-00-6 | lindane (ISO); γ-HCH or γ-BHC; γ-1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorocyclohexane | 200-401-2 | 58-89-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Lact. Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H332 H312 H373 ** H362 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H332 H312 H373 ** H362 H410 | | M=10 | |
602-044-00-1 | camphechlor (ISO); toxaphene; | 232-283-3 | 8001-35-2 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H301 H312 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H301 H312 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
602-045-00-7 | DDT (ISO); clofenotane (INN); dicophane; 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethane; dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane | 200-024-3 | 50-29-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H301 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H301 H372 ** H410 | | | |
602-046-00-2 | heptachlor (ISO); 1,4,5,6,7,8,8-heptachloro-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindene | 200-962-3 | 76-44-8 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | |
602-047-00-8 | chlordane (ISO); 1,2,4,5,6,7,8,8-octachloro-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindan | 200-349-0 | 57-74-9 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H312 H302 H410 | | | |
602-048-00-3 | aldrin (ISO) | 206-215-8 | 309-00-2 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H311 H301 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H311 H301 H372 ** H410 | | | |
602-049-00-9 | dieldrin (ISO) | 200-484-5 | 60-57-1 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H310 H301 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H310 H301 H372 ** H410 | | | |
602-050-00-4 | (1α,4α,4aβ,5β,8β,8aβ)-1,2,3,4,10,10-hexachloro-1,4,4a,5,8,8a-hexahydro-1,4:5,8-dimethanonaphfthalene; isodrin | 207-366-2 | 465-73-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H410 | | | |
602-051-00-X | endrin (ISO); 1,2,3,4,10,10-hexachloro-6,7-epoxy-1,4,4a,5,6,7,8,8a-octahydro-1,4:5,8-dimethanonaphthalene | 200-775-7 | 72-20-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H311 H410 | | | |
602-052-00-5 | endosulfan (ISO); 1,2,3,4,7,7-hexachloro-8,9,10-trinorborn-2-en-5,6-ylenedimethyl sulphite | 204-079-4 | 115-29-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H319 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H319 H410 | | | |
602-053-00-0 | isobenzan (ISO); 1,3,4,5,6,7,8,8-octachloro-1,3,3a,4,7,7a-hexahydro-4,7-methanoisobenzofuran | 206-045-4 | 297-78-9 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H310 H300 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H400 | | | |
602-054-00-6 | 3-iodpropene; allyl iodide | 209-130-4 | 556-56-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H314 | | | |
602-055-00-1 | bromoethane; ethyl bromide | 200-825-8 | 74-96-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H351 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H351 H332 H302 | | | |
602-056-00-7 | α, α,α-trifluorotoluene; benzotrifluoride | 202-635-0 | 98-08-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H411 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H411 | | | |
602-057-00-2 | α-bromotoluene; benzyl bromide | 202-847-3 | 100-39-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | | |
602-058-00-8 | α, α-dichlorotoluene; benzylidene chloride; benzal chloride | 202-709-2 | 98-87-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H351 H331 H302 H335 H315 H318 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H351 H331 H302 H335 H315 H318 | | | |
602-059-00-3 | 1-chlorobutane; butyl chloride | 203-696-6 | 109-69-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
602-060-00-9 | bromobenzene | 203-623-8 | 108-86-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H315 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H315 H411 | | | |
602-061-00-4 | hexafluoropropene; hexafluoropropylene | 204-127-4 | 116-15-4 | Press. Gas Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 | H332 H335 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H335 | | | U |
602-062-00-X | 1,2,3-trichloropropane | 202-486-1 | 96-18-4 | Carc. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H360F *** H332 H312 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H360F *** H332 H312 H302 | | | D |
602-063-00-5 | heptachlor epoxide; 2,3-epoxy-1,4,5,6,7,8,8-heptachloro-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindane | 213-831-0 | 1024-57-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | |
602-064-00-0 | 1,3-dichloro-2-propanol | 202-491-9 | 96-23-1 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H301 H312 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H301 H312 | | | |
602-065-00-6 | hexachlorobenzene | 204-273-9 | 118-74-1 | Carc. 1B STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H372 ** H410 | | | |
602-066-00-1 | tetrachloro-p-benzoquinone | 204-274-4 | 118-75-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H410 | | | |
602-067-00-7 | 1,3-dichlorbenzene | 208-792-1 | 541-73-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
602-068-00-2 | ethylene bis(trichloroacetate) | 219-732-9 | 2514-53-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 | H315 | GHS07 Wng | H315 | | | |
602-069-00-8 | dichloroacetylene | — | 7572-29-4 | Unst. Expl. Carc. 2 STOT RE 2 * | H200 H351 H373 ** | GHS01 GHS08 Wng | H200 H351 H373 ** | | | |
602-070-00-3 | 3-chloro-4,5,α, α,α-pentafluorotoluene | 401-930-3 | 77227-99-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H226 H332 H302 H400 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H332 H302 H400 | | | |
602-071-00-9 | bromobenzylbromotoluene, reaction mass of isomers | 402-210-1 | 99688-47-8 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
602-072-00-4 | dichloro [(dichlorophenyl)methyl]methylbenzene, reaction mass of isomers; (dichlorophenyl)(dichlorotolyl)methane, reaction mass of isomers (IUPAC) | 278-404-3 | 76253-60-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
602-073-00-X | 1,4-dichlorobut-2-ene | 212-121-8 | 764-41-0 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H330 H311 H301 H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H330 H311 H301 H314 H410 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
602-074-00-5 | pentachlorobenzene | 210-172-0 | 608-93-5 | Flam. Sol. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H228 H302 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H228 H302 H410 | | | T |
602-075-00-0 | 4,4,5,5-tetrachloro-1,3-dioxolan-2-one | 404-060-2 | 22432-68-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H330 H302 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H302 H314 | | | |
602-076-00-6 | 2,3,4-trichlorobut-1-ene | 219-397-9 | 2431-50-7 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H331 H302 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H331 H302 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | Carc. 2; H351: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
602-077-00-1 | dodecachloropentacyclo[5.2.1.02,6.03,9.05,8]decane; mirex | 219-196-6 | 2385-85-5 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Lact. Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H361fd H362 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H361fd H362 H312 H302 H410 | | | |
602-078-00-7 | hexachlorocyclopentadiene | 201-029-3 | 77-47-4 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H311 H302 H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H311 H302 H314 H410 | | | |
602-079-00-2 | 2,3-dichloropropene; 2,3-dichloropropylene | 201-153-8 | 78-88-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H341 H332 H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 H412 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H341 H332 H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 H412 | | | |
602-080-00-8 | alkanes, C10-13, chloro | 287-476-5 | 85535-84-8 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
602-081-00-3 | 2-chloro-4,5-difluorobenzoic acid | 405-380-5 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H312 H302 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H318 H317 | | | |
602-082-00-9 | 2,2,6,6-tetrakis(bromomethyl)-4-oxaheptane-1,7-diol | 408-020-5 | 109678-33-3 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
602-083-00-4 | diphenyl ether, pentabromo derivative pentabromodiphenyl ether | 251-084-2 | 32534-81-9 | STOT RE 2 * Lact. Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H362 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H362 H410 | | | |
602-084-00-X | 1,1-dichloro-1-fluoroethane | 404-080-1 | 1717-00-6 | Aquatic Chronic 3 Ozone | H412 EUH059 | — | H412 | EUH059 | | |
602-085-00-5 | 2-bromopropane | 200-855-1 | 75-26-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Repr. 1A STOT RE 2 * | H225 H360F *** H373 ** | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H225 H360F *** H373 ** | EUH066 | | |
602-086-00-0 | trifluoroiodomethane; trifluoromethyl iodide | 219-014-5 | 2314-97-8 | Muta. 2 | H341 | GHS08 Wng | H341 | | | |
602-087-00-6 | 1,2,4-trichlorobenzene | 204-428-0 | 120-82-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H315 H410 | | | |
602-088-00-1 | 2,3-dibromopropan-1-ol; 2,3-dibromo-1-propanol | 202-480-9 | 96-13-9 | Carc. 1B Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H361f *** H311 H332 H302 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H361f *** H311 H332 H302 H412 | | | |
602-089-00-7 | 4-bromo-2-chlorofluorobenzene | 405-580-2 | 60811-21-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H315 H410 | | | |
602-090-00-2 | 1-allyl-3-chloro-4-fluorobenzene | 406-630-6 | 121626-73-1 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
602-091-00-8 | 1,3-dichloro-4-fluorobenzene | 406-160-1 | 1435-48-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 | H302 H373 ** H315 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H302 H373 ** H315 H411 | | | |
602-092-00-3 | 1-bromo-3,4,5-trifluorobenzene | 418-480-9 | 138526-69-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H351 H315 H318 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H351 H315 H318 H411 | | | |
602-093-00-9 | α, α,α,4-tetrachlorotoluene; p-chlorobenzotrichloride | 226-009-1 | 5216-25-1 | Carc. 1B Repr. 2 STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H350 H361f *** H372 ** H312 H302 H335 H315 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H361f *** H372 ** H312 H302 H335 H315 | | | |
602-094-00-4 | diphenylether; octabromo derivate | 251-087-9 | 32536-52-0 | Repr. 1B | H360Df | GHS08 Dgr | H360Df | | | |
602-096-00-5 | malachite green hydrochloride; [1] malachite green oxalate [2] | 209-322-8 [1] 219-441-7 [2] | 569-64-2 [1] 2437-29-8 [2] | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H361d *** H302 H318 H410 | | | |
602-097-00-0 | 1-bromo-9-(4,4,5,5,5-pentafluoropentylthio)nonane | 422-850-5 | 148757-89-5 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
603-001-00-X | methanol | 200-659-6 | 67-56-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 1 | H225 H331 H311 H301 H370 ** | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H225 H331 H311 H301 H370 ** | | * STOT SE 1; H370: C ≥ 10 % STOT SE 2; H371: 3 % ≤ C 603-002-00-5 | ethanol; ethyl alcohol | 200-578-6 | 64-17-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
603-003-00-0 | propan-1-ol; n-propanol | 200-746-9 | 71-23-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Dam. 1 STOT SE 3 | H225 H318 H336 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H318 H336 | | | |
603-004-00-6 | butan-1-ol; n-butanol | 200-751-6 | 71-36-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 STOT SE 3 | H226 H302 H335 H315 H318 H336 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H302 H335 H315 H318 H336 | | | |
603-005-00-1 | 2-methylpropan-2-ol; tert-butyl alcohol | 200-889-7 | 75-65-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 | | | |
603-006-00-7 | pentanol isomers, with the exception fo those specified elsewhere in this Annex | 250-378-8 | | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 | H226 H332 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H335 | EUH066 | | C |
603-007-00-2 | 2-methylbutan-2-ol; tert-pentanol | 200-908-9 | 75-85-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H332 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H335 H315 | | | |
603-008-00-8 | 4-methylpentan-2-ol; methyl isobutyl carbinol | 203-551-7 | 108-11-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT SE 3 | H226 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H335 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 25 % | |
603-009-00-3 | cyclohexanol | 203-630-6 | 108-93-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H332 H302 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 H335 H315 | | | |
603-010-00-9 | 2-methylcyclohexanol, mixed isomers; [1] cis-2-methylcyclohexanol; [2] trans-2-methylcyclohexanol [3] | 209-512-0 [1] 231-187-9 [2] 231-186-3 [3] | 583-59-5 [1] 7443-70-1 [2] 7443-52-9 [3] | Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 | GHS07 Wng | H332 | | | C |
603-011-00-4 | 2-methoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monomethyl ether | 203-713-7 | 109-86-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H360FD H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H360FD H332 H312 H302 | | | |
603-012-00-X | 2-ethoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monoethyl ether | 203-804-1 | 110-80-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H360FD H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H360FD H332 H312 H302 | | | |
603-013-00-5 | 2-isopropoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monoisopropyl ether | 203-685-6 | 109-59-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H332 H312 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H319 | | | |
603-014-00-0 | 2-butoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monobutyl ether; butyl cellosolve | 203-905-0 | 111-76-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H332 H312 H302 H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H319 H315 | | | |
603-015-00-6 | allyl alcohol | 203-470-7 | 107-18-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H225 H331 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H331 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H400 | | | |
603-016-00-1 | 4-hydroxy-4-methylpentan-2-one; diacetone alcohol | 204-626-7 | 123-42-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-018-00-2 | furfuryl alcohol | 202-626-1 | 98-00-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | * | |
603-019-00-8 | dimethyl ether | 204-065-8 | 115-10-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
603-020-00-3 | ethyl methyl ether | — | 540-67-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | U |
603-021-00-9 | methyl vinyl ether | 203-475-4 | 107-25-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas | H220 | GHS02 GHS04 Dgr | H220 | | | D U |
603-022-00-4 | diethyl ether; ether | 200-467-2 | 60-29-7 | Flam. Liq. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 | H224 H302 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H302 H336 | EUH019 EUH066 | | |
603-023-00-X | ethylene oxide; oxirane | 200-849-9 | 75-21-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H220 H350 H340 H331 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 H331 H319 H335 H315 | | | U |
603-024-00-5 | 1,4-dioxane | 204-661-8 | 123-91-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H351 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H351 H319 H335 | EUH019 EUH066 | | D |
603-025-00-0 | tetrahydrofuran | 203-726-8 | 109-99-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 | EUH019 | Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 25 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 25 % | |
603-026-00-6 | 1-chloro-2,3-epoxypropane; epichlorhydrin | 203-439-8 | 106-89-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H350 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H350 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | | * | |
603-027-00-1 | ethanediol; ethylene glycol | 203-473-3 | 107-21-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
603-028-00-7 | 2-chloroethanol; ethylene chlorohydrin | 203-459-7 | 107-07-3 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 | | | |
603-029-00-2 | bis(2-chloroethyl) ether | 203-870-1 | 111-44-4 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H351 H330 H310 H300 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H351 H330 H310 H300 | | | |
603-030-00-8 | 2-aminoethanol; ethanolamine | 205-483-3 | 141-43-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-031-00-3 | 1,2-dimethoxyethane; ethylene glycol dimethyl ether; EGDME | 203-794-9 | 110-71-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H360FD H332 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H360FD H332 | EUH019 | | |
603-032-00-9 | ethylene dinitrate; ethylene glycol dinitrate | 211-063-0 | 628-96-6 | Unst. Expl. Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * | H200 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H200 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** | | | |
603-033-00-4 | oxydiethylene dinitrate; diethylene glycol dinitrate; digol dinitrate | 211-745-8 | 693-21-0 | Unst. Expl Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H200 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H412 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H200 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H412 | | | |
603-033-01-1 | oxydiethylene dinitrate; diethylene glycol dinitrate; digol dinitrate; [>25 % phlegmatiser] | 211-745-8 | 693-21-0 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H412 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H412 | | | |
603-034-00-X | glycerol trinitrate; nitroglycerine | 200-240-8 | 55-63-0 | Unst. Expl. Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H200 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H200 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | | | |
603-034-01-7 | glycerol trinitrate; nitroglycerine; [>40 % phlegmatiser] | 200-240-8 | 55-63-0 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | | | |
603-035-00-5 | pentaerythritol tetranitrate; pentaerythrite tetranitrate; P.E.T.N. | 201-084-3 | 78-11-5 | Unst. Expl. | H200 | GHS01 Dgr | H200 | | | |
603-035-01-2 | pentaerythritol tetranitrate; pentaerythrite tetranitrate; P.E.T.N.; [>20 % phlegmatiser] | 201-084-3 | 78-11-5 | Expl. 1.1 | H201 | GHS01 Dgr | H201 | | | T |
603-036-00-0 | mannitol hexanitrate; nitromannite | 239-924-6 | 15825-70-4 | Unst. Expl. | H200 | GHS01 Dgr | H200 | | | |
603-036-01-8 | mannitol hexanitrate; nitromannite; [>40 % phlegmatiser] | 239-924-6 | 15825-70-4 | Expl. 1.1 | H201 | GHS01 Dgr | H201 | | | |
603-037-00-6 | cellulose nitrate; | — | — | Expl. 1.1 | H201 | GHS01 Dgr | H201 | EUH001 | | T |
603-038-00-1 | allyl glycidyl ether; allyl 2,3-epoxypropyl ether; prop-2-en-1-yl 2,3-epoxypropyl ether | 203-442-4 | 106-92-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H351 H341 H361f *** H332 H302 H335 H315 H318 H317 H412 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H351 H341 H361f *** H332 H302 H335 H315 H318 H317 H412 | | | |
603-039-00-7 | butyl glycidyl ether; butyl 2,3-epoxypropyl ether | 219-376-4 | 2426-08-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H351 H341 H332 H302 H335 H317 H412 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H226 H351 H341 H332 H302 H335 H317 H412 | | | |
603-040-00-2 | sodium methanolate; sodium methoxide; [1] potassium methanolate; potassium methoxide; [2] lithium methanolate; lithium methoxide [3] | 204-699-5 [1] 212-736-1 [2] 212-737-7 [3] | 124-41-4 [1] 865-33-8 [2] 865-34-9 [3] | Self-heat 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H251 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H251 H314 | EUH014 | | T |
603-041-00-8 | potassium ethanolate; potassium ethoxide; [1] sodium ethanolate; sodium ethoxide [2] | 213-029-0 [1] 205-487-5 [2] | 917-58-8 [1] 141-52-6 [2] | Self-heat 1 Skin Corr. 1B | H251 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H251 H314 | EUH014 | | T |
603-042-00-3 | aluminium-tri-isopropoxide | 209-090-8 | 555-31-7 | Flam. Sol. 1 | H228 | GHS02 Dgr | H228 | | | T |
603-043-00-9 | triarimol (ISO); 2,4-dichloro-α-(pyrimidin-5-yl) benzhydryl alcohol | — | 26766-27-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
603-044-00-4 | dicofol (ISO); 2,2,2-trichloro-1,1-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethanol | 204-082-0 | 115-32-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
603-045-00-X | diisopropyl ether; [1] dipropyl ether [2] | 203-560-6 [1] 203-869-6 [2] | 108-20-3 [1] 111-43-3 [2] | Flam. Liq. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H336 | EUH019 EUH066 | | C |
603-046-00-5 | bis (chloromethyl) ether; oxybis(chloromethane) | 208-832-8 | 542-88-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H350 H330 H311 H302 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H225 H350 H330 H311 H302 | | Carc. 1A; H350: C ≥ 0,001 % | |
603-047-00-0 | 2-dimethylaminoethanol; N,N-dimethylethanolamine | 203-542-8 | 108-01-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-048-00-6 | 2-diethylaminoethanol; N,N-diethylethanolamine | 202-845-2 | 100-37-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-049-00-1 | chlorfenethol (ISO); 1,1-bis (4-chlorophenyl) ethanol | 201-246-3 | 80-06-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
603-050-00-7 | 1-(2-butoxypropoxy)propan-2-ol | 246-011-6 | 24083-03-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
603-051-00-2 | 2-ethylbutan-1-ol | 202-621-4 | 97-95-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
603-052-00-8 | 3-butoxypropan-2-ol; propylene glycol monobutyl ether | 225-878-4 | 5131-66-8 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 | | | |
603-053-00-3 | 2-methylpentane-2,4-diol | 203-489-0 | 107-41-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 | | | |
603-054-00-9 | di-n-butyl ether; dibutyl ether | 205-575-3 | 142-96-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H319 H335 H315 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 H335 H315 H412 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-055-00-4 | propylene oxide; 1,2-epoxypropane; methyloxirane | 200-879-2 | 75-56-9 | Flam. Liq. 1 Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H224 H350 H340 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H350 H340 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
603-056-00-X | [(p-tolyloxy)methyl]oxirane; [1] [(m-tolyloxy)methyl]oxirane; [2] 2,3-epoxypropyl o-tolyl ether; [3] [(tolyloxy)methyl]oxirane; cresyl glycidyl ether [4] | 218-574-8 [1] 218-575-3 [2] 218-645-3 [3] 247-711-4 [4] | 2186-24-5 [1] 2186-25-6 [2] 2210-79-9 [3] 26447-14-3 [4] | Muta. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H341 H315 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H341 H315 H317 H411 | | | C |
603-057-00-5 | benzyl alcohol | 202-859-9 | 100-51-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | | |
603-058-00-0 | 1,3-propylene oxide | 207-964-3 | 503-30-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 | | | |
603-059-00-6 | hexan-1-ol | 203-852-3 | 111-27-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
603-060-00-1 | 2,2'-bioxirane; 1,2:3,4-diepoxybutane | 215-979-1 | 1464-53-5 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H350 H340 H330 H311 H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H350 H340 H330 H311 H301 H314 | | | |
603-061-00-7 | tetrahydro-2-furylmethanol; tetrahydrofurfuryl alcohol | 202-625-6 | 97-99-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
603-062-00-2 | tetrahydrofuran-2,5-diyldimethanol | 203-239-0 | 104-80-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-063-00-8 | 2,3-epoxypropan-1-ol; glycidol; oxiranemethanol | 209-128-3 | 556-52-5 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H350 H341 H360F *** H331 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H341 H360F *** H331 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
603-064-00-3 | 1-methoxy-2-propanol; monopropylene glycol methyl ether | 203-539-1 | 107-98-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Wng | H226 | | | |
603-065-00-9 | resorcinol diglycidyl ether; 1,3-bis(2,3-epoxypropoxy)benzene | 202-987-5 | 101-90-6 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H351 H341 H312 H302 H319 H315 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H341 H312 H302 H319 H315 H317 H412 | | | |
603-066-00-4 | 1,2-epoxy-4-epoxyethylcyclohexane; vinylcyclohexane diepoxide | 203-437-7 | 106-87-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Carc. 2 | H331 H311 H301 H351 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H351 | | * | |
603-067-00-X | phenyl glycidyl ether; 2,3-epoxypropyl phenyl ether; 1,2-epoxy-3-phenoxypropane | 204-557-2 | 122-60-1 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H341 H332 H335 H315 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H341 H332 H335 H315 H317 H412 | | | |
603-068-00-5 | 2,3-epoxypropyl-2-ethylcyclohexyl ether; ethylcyclohexylglycidyl ether | — | 130014-35-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | |
603-069-00-0 | 2,4,6-tris(dimethylaminomethyl)phenol | 202-013-9 | 90-72-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H315 | | | |
603-070-00-6 | 2-amino-2-methylpropanol | 204-709-8 | 124-68-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H412 | | | |
603-071-00-1 | 2,2'-iminodiethanol; diethanolamine | 203-868-0 | 111-42-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H373 ** H315 H318 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H315 H318 | | | |
603-072-00-7 | 1,4-bis(2,3 epoxypropoxy)butane; butanedioldiglycidyl ether | 219-371-7 | 2425-79-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H332 H312 H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H319 H315 H317 | | | |
603-073-00-2 | bis-[4-(2,3-epoxipropoxi)phenyl]propane | 216-823-5 | 1675-54-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 5 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-074-00-8 | reaction product: bisphenol-A-(epichlorhydrin); epoxy resin (number average molecular weight ≤ 700) | 500-033-5 | 25068-38-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H317 H411 | | Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 5 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-075-00-3 | chlormethyl methyl ether; chlorodimethyl ether | 203-480-1 | 107-30-2 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H350 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H350 H332 H312 H302 | | | |
603-076-00-9 | but-2-yne-1,4-diol; 2-butyne-1,4-diol | 203-788-6 | 110-65-6 | Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 | H314 H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H317 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS08 Dgr | H314 H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H317 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 50 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 25 % ≤ C 603-077-00-4 | 1-dimethylaminopropan-2-ol; dimepranol (INN) | 203-556-4 | 108-16-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H302 H314 | | | |
603-078-00-X | prop-2-yn-1-ol; propargyl alcohol | 203-471-2 | 107-19-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H331 H311 H301 H314 H411 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H331 H311 H301 H314 H411 | | | |
603-079-00-5 | 2,2'-(methylimino)diethanol; N-methyldiethanolamine | 203-312-7 | 105-59-9 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
603-080-00-0 | 2-methylaminoethanol; N-methylethanolamine; N-methyl-2-ethanolamine; N-methyl-2-amino ethanol; 2-(methylamino)ethanol | 203-710-0 | 109-83-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-081-00-6 | 2,2'-thiodiethanol; thiodiglycol | 203-874-3 | 111-48-8 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
603-082-00-1 | 1-aminopropan-2-ol; isopropanolamine | 201-162-7 | 78-96-6 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
603-083-00-7 | 1,1'-iminodipropan-2-ol; di-isopropanolamine | 203-820-9 | 110-97-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
603-084-00-2 | styrene oxide; (epoxyethyl)benzene; phenyloxirane | 202-476-7 | 96-09-3 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H350 H312 H319 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H312 H319 | | | |
603-085-00-8 | bronopol (INN); 2-bromo-2-nitropropane-1,3-diol | 200-143-0 | 52-51-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 H400 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 H400 | | | |
603-086-00-3 | ethirimol (ISO); 5-butyl-2-ethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-ol | 245-949-3 | 23947-60-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 | GHS07 Wng | H312 | | | |
603-087-00-9 | 2-ethylhexane-1,3-diol; octylene glycol; ethoexadiol | 202-377-9 | 94-96-2 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
603-088-00-4 | 2-(octylthio)ethanol; 2-hydroxyethyl octyl sulphide | 222-598-4 | 3547-33-9 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
603-089-00-X | 7,7-dimethyl-3-oxa-6-azaoctan-1-ol | 400-390-6 | — | Skin Corr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * | H314 H302 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H302 | | | |
603-090-00-5 | 2-(2-bromoethoxy)anisole | 402-010-4 | 4463-59-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
603-091-00-0 | exo-1-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)-7-oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-2-ol | 402-470-6 | 87172-89-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 | | | |
603-092-00-6 | 2-methyl-4-phenylpentanol | 402-770-7 | 92585-24-5 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
603-093-00-1 | cinmethylin (ISO); exo-(±)-1-methyl-2-(2-methylbenzyloxy)-4-isopropyl-7-oxabicyclo(2.2.1)heptane | 402-410-9 | 87818-31-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H411 | | | |
603-094-00-7 | 1,3-bis(2,3-epoxypropoxy)-2,2-dimethylpropane | 241-536-7 | 17557-23-2 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 | | | |
603-095-00-2 | 2-(propyloxy)ethanol; EGPE | 220-548-6 | 2807-30-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H312 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H319 | | | |
603-096-00-8 | 2-(2-butoxyethoxy)ethanol; diethylene glycol monobutyl ether | 203-961-6 | 112-34-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
603-097-00-3 | 1,1',1''-nitrilotripropan-2-ol; triisopropanolamine | 204-528-4 | 122-20-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H412 | | | |
603-098-00-9 | 2-phenoxyethanol | 204-589-7 | 122-99-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
603-099-00-4 | 3-(N-methyl-N-(4-methylamino-3-nitrophenyl)amino)propane-1,2-diol hydrochloride | 403-440-5 | 93633-79-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
603-100-00-8 | 1,2-dimethoxypropane | 404-630-0 | 7778-85-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | EUH019 | | |
603-101-00-3 | tetrahydro-2-isobutyl-4-methylpyran-4-ol, mixed isomers (cis and trans) | 405-040-6 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
603-102-00-9 | 1,2-epoxybutane | 203-438-2 | 106-88-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H351 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 H412 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H351 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 H412 | | | |
603-103-00-4 | oxirane, mono[(C12-14-alkyloxy)methyl] derivs. | 271-846-8 | 68609-97-2 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 | | | |
603-104-00-X | fenarimol (ISO); 2,4'-dichloro-α-(pyrimidin-5-yl)benzhydryl alcohol | 262-095-7 | 60168-88-9 | Repr. 2 Lact. Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361fd H362 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H361fd H362 H411 | | | |
603-105-00-5 | furan | 203-727-3 | 110-00-9 | Flam. Liq. 1 Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H224 H350 H341 H332 H302 H373 ** H315 H412 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H350 H341 H332 H302 H373 ** H315 H412 | EUH019 | | |
603-106-00-0 | 2-methoxypropanol | 216-455-5 | 1589-47-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Repr. 1B STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H226 H360D *** H335 H315 H318 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H360D *** H335 H315 H318 | | | |
603-107-00-6 | 2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethanol; diethylene glycol monomethyl ether | 203-906-6 | 111-77-3 | Repr. 2 | H361d *** | GHS08 Wng | H361d *** | | | |
603-108-00-1 | 2-methylpropan-1-ol; iso-butanol | 201-148-0 | 78-83-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 STOT SE 3 | H226 H335 H315 H318 H336 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H335 H315 H318 H336 | | | |
603-117-00-0 | propan-2-ol; isopropyl alcohol; isopropanol | 200-661-7 | 67-63-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H336 | | | |
603-118-00-6 | 6-dimethylaminohexan-1-ol | 404-680-3 | 1862-07-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H314 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H412 | | | |
603-119-00-1 | 1,1'-(1,3-phenylenedioxy)bis(3-(2-(prop-2-enyl)phenoxy)propan-2-ol) | 405-840-5 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
603-120-00-7 | 2-methyl-5-phenylpentanol | 405-890-8 | 25634-93-9 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 | | | |
603-121-00-2 | 4-[4-(1,3-dihydroxyprop-2-yl)phenylamino]-1,8-dihydroxy-5-nitroanthraquinone | 406-057-1 | 114565-66-1 | Carc. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H351 H317 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H317 H413 | | | |
603-122-00-8 | sodium 2-ethylhexanolate | 406-150-7 | 38411-13-1 | Flam. Sol. 1 Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H228 H314 H412 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H228 H314 H412 | | | T |
603-123-00-3 | 4-methyl-8-methylenetricyclo[3.3.1.13,7]decan-2-ol | 406-330-5 | 122760-84-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H411 | | | |
603-124-00-9 | 1,4-bis[2-(vinyloxy)ethoxy]benzene | 406-900-3 | 84563-49-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
603-125-00-4 | 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-(1H—1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-4-en-2-ol | 407-850-5 | 89544-40-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | |
603-126-00-X | 2-((4-methyl-2-nitrophenyl)amino)ethanol | 408-090-7 | 100418-33-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 H412 | | | |
603-127-00-5 | butan-2-ol; [1] (S)-butan-2-ol; [2] (R)-butan-2-ol; [3] (±)-butan-2-ol [4] | 201-158-5 [1] 224-168-1 [2] 238-967-8 [3] 240-029-8 [4] | 78-92-2 [1] 4221-99-2 [2] 14898-79-4 [3] 15892-23-6 [4] | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 STOT SE 3 | H226 H319 H335 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 H335 H336 | | | C |
603-128-00-0 | 2-(phenylmethoxy)naphthalene | 405-490-3 | 613-62-7 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
603-129-00-6 | 1-tert-butoxypropan-2-ol | 406-180-0 | 57018-52-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Dam. 1 | H226 H318 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H318 | | | |
603-130-00-1 | reaction mass of isomers of: α-((dimethyl)biphenyl)-ω-hydroxypoly(oxyethylene) | 406-325-8 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
603-131-00-7 | reaction mass of: 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxododecyl)amino]-D-glucitol; 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxotetradecyl)amino]-D-glucitol (3:1) | 407-290-1 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
603-132-00-2 | 2-hydroxymethyl-9-methyl-6-(1-methylethyl)-1,4-dioxaspiro[4.5]decane | 408-200-3 | 63187-91-7 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H315 H318 H412 | | | |
603-133-00-8 | reaction mass of: 3-[(4-amino-2-chloro-5-nitrophenyl)amino]-propane-1,2-diol; 3,3'-(2-chloro-5-nitro-1,4-phenylenediimino)bis(propan-1,2-diol) | 408-240-1 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
603-134-00-3 | reaction mass of substituted dodecyl and/or tetradecyl, diphenyl ethers. The substance is produced by the Friedel Crafts reaction. The catalyst is removed from the reaction product. Diphenyl ether is substituted by C1-C10 alkyl groups. The alkyl groups are bonded randomly between C1 and C6. Linear C12 and C14, 50/50 used. | 410-450-3 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
603-135-00-9 | bis[[2,2',2''-nitrilotris-[ethanolato]]-1-N,O]-bis[2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethoxy]-titanium | 410-500-4 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
603-136-00-4 | 3-((4-(bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)-2-nitrophenyl)amino)-1-propanol | 410-910-3 | 104226-19-9 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
603-137-00-X | reaction mass of: 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxohexadecyl)amino]-D-glucitol; 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxooctadecyl)amino]-D-glucitol | 411-130-6 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
603-138-00-5 | 3-(2,2-dimethyl-3-hydroxypropyl)toluene; (alt.): 2,2-dimethyl-3-(3-methylphenyl)propanol | 403-140-4 | 103694-68-4 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
603-139-00-0 | bis(2-methoxyethyl) ether | 203-924-4 | 111-96-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Repr. 1B | H226 H360FD | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H226 H360FD | EUH019 | | |
603-140-00-6 | 2,2' -oxybisethanol; diethylene glycol | 203-872-2 | 111-46-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
603-141-00-1 | reaction mass of: dodecyloxy-1-methyl-1-[oxy-poly-(2-hydroxymethylethanoxy)]pentadecane; dodecyloxy-1-methyl-1-[oxy-poly-(2-hydroxymethylethanoxy)]heptadecane | 413-780-6 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
603-142-00-7 | 2-(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl)-2-aza-bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane | 407-360-1 | 116230-20-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H312 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H312 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 | | | |
603-143-00-2 | R—2,3-epoxy-1-propanol | 404-660-4 | 57044-25-4 | Self-react. C **** Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H242 H350 H341 H360F *** H331 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H242 H350 H341 H360F *** H331 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
603-144-00-8 | reaction mass of: 2,6,9-trimethyl-2,5,9-cyclododecatrien-1-ol; 6,9-dimethyl-2-methylen-5,9-cyclododecadien-1-ol | 413-530-6 | 111850-00-1 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
603-145-00-3 | 2-isopropyl-2-(1-methylbutyl)-1,3-dimethoxypropane | 406-970-5 | 129228-11-1 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
603-146-00-9 | 2-[(2-[2-(dimethylamino)ethoxy]ethyl)methylamino]ethanol | 406-080-7 | 83016-70-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H314 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H412 | | | |
603-147-00-4 | (-)-trans-4-(4'-fluorophenyl)-3-hydroxymethyl-N-methylpiperidine | 406-030-4 | 105812-81-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | |
603-148-00-X | 1,4-bis[(vinyloxy)methyl]cyclohexane | 413-370-7 | 17351-75-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
603-149-00-5 | reaction mass of diastereoisomers of 1-(1-hydroxyethyl)-4-(1-methylethyl)cyclohexane | 407-640-3 | 63767-86-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H411 | | | |
603-150-00-0 | (±) trans—3,3-dimethyl-5-(2,2,3-trimethyl-cyclopent-3-en-1-yl)-pent-4-en-2-ol | 411-580-3 | 107898-54-4 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H410 | | | |
603-151-00-6 | (±)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)propan-1-ol | 413-570-4 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
603-152-00-1 | 2-(4-tert-butylphenyl)ethanol | 410-020-5 | 5406-86-0 | Repr. 2 STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361f *** H373 ** H318 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H361f *** H373 ** H318 H411 | | | |
603-153-00-7 | 3-((2-nitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)amino)propane-1,2-diol | 410-010-0 | 104333-00-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
603-154-00-2 | 1-[(2-tert-butyl)cyclohexyloxy]-2-butanol | 412-300-2 | 139504-68-0 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
603-155-00-8 | Reaction products of 2-(4,6-bis(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-hydroxyphenol with ((C10-16, rich in C12-13 alkyloxy)methyl)oxyrane | 410-560-1 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
603-156-00-3 | 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(2-propenyl)oxirane | 411-210-0 | 89544-48-9 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
603-157-00-9 | 6,9-bis(hexadecyloxymethyl)-4,7-dioxanonane-1,2,9-triol | 411-450-6 | 143747-72-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
603-158-00-4 | reaction mass of 4 diastereoisomers of 2,7-dimethyl-10-(1-methylethyl)-1-oxaspiro[4.5]deca-3,6-diene | 412-460-3 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
603-159-00-X | 2-cyclododecylpropan-1-ol | 411-410-8 | 118562-73-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
603-160-00-5 | 1,2-diethoxypropane | 412-180-1 | 10221-57-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | EUH019 | | |
603-161-00-0 | 1,3-diethoxypropane | 413-140-6 | 3459-83-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Wng | H226 | | | |
603-162-00-6 | α[2-[[[(2-hydroxyethyl)methylamino]acetyl]amino]propyl]- ω nonylphenoxy)poly[oxo(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)] | 413-420-8 | 144736-29-8 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H411 | | | |
603-163-00-1 | 2-phenyl-1,3-propanediol | 411-810-2 | 1570-95-2 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
603-164-00-7 | 2-butyl-4-chloro-4,5-dihydro-5-hydroxymethyl-1-[2'-(2-triphenylmethyl-1,2,3,4-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)-1,1'-biphenyl-4-methyl]-1H-imidazole | 412-420-5 | 133909-99-6 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
603-165-00-2 | reaction mass of: 4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol; 4-allyl-6-[3-[6-[3-[6-[3-(4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy)-2-hydroxypropyl]-4-allyl-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy]-2-hydroxypropyl]-4-allyl-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy]-2-hydroxypropyl]-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol; 4-allyl-6-[3-(4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy)-2-hydroxypropyl]-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol; 4-allyl-6-[3-[6-[3-(4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy)-2-hydroxypropyl]-4-allyl-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy]-2-hydroxypropyl]-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol | 417-470-1 | — | Muta. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H341 H317 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H341 H317 | | | |
603-166-00-8 | R-1-chloro-2,3-epoxypropane | 424-280-2 | 51594-55-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H350 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H350 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | | | |
603-167-00-3 | 3,3',5,5'-tetra-tert-butylbiphenyl-2,2'-diol | 407-920-5 | 6390-69-8 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | GHS05 Dgr | H413 | | | |
603-168-00-9 | 3-(2-ethylhexyloxy)propane-1,2-diol | 408-080-2 | 70445-33-9 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
603-169-00-4 | (±)-trans-4-(4-fluorophenyl)-3-hydroxymethyl-N-methylpiperidine | 415-550-0 | 109887-53-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | |
603-170-00-X | reaction mass of: 2-methyl-1-(6-methylbicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-2-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol; 2-methyl-1-(1-methylbicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-2-yl)-pent-1-en-3-ol; 2-methyl-1-(5-methylbicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-2-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol | 415-990-3 | 67739-11-1 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H411 | | | |
603-171-00-5 | 5-thiazolylmethanol | 414-780-9 | 38585-74-9 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
603-172-00-0 | mono-2-[2-(4-dibenzo[b,f][1,4]thiazepin-11-yl)piperazinium-1-yl]ethoxy)ethanol trans-butenedioate | 415-180-1 | 773058-82-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | |
603-173-00-6 | 4,4-dimethyl-3,5,8-trioxabicyclo[5.1.0]octane | 421-750-9 | 57280-22-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | |
603-174-00-1 | 4-cyclohexyl-2-methyl-2-butanol | 420-630-3 | 83926-73-2 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
603-175-00-7 | 2-(2-hexyloxyethoxy)ethanol; DEGHE; diethylene glycol monohexyl ether; 3,6-dioxa-1-dodecanol; hexyl carbitol; 3,6-dioxadodecan-1-ol | 203-988-3 | 112-59-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 | H312 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H318 | | | |
603-176-00-2 | 1,2-bis(2-methoxyethoxy)ethane; TEGDME; triethylene glycol dimethyl ether; triglyme | 203-977-3 | 112-49-2 | Repr. 1B | H360Df | GHS08 Dgr | H360Df | EUH019 | | |
603-177-00-8 | 1-ethoxypropan-2-ol; 2PG1EE; 1-ethoxy-2-propanol; propylene glycol monoethyl ether; [1] 2-ethoxy-1-methylethyl acetate; 2PG1EEA [2] | 216-374-5 [1] 259-370-9 [2] | 1569-02-4 [1] 54839-24-6 [2] | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT SE 3 | H226 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H336 | | | |
603-178-00-3 | 2-hexyloxyethanol; ethylene glycol monohexyl ether; n-hexylglycol | 203-951-1 | 112-25-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | | |
603-179-00-9 | ergocalciferol (ISO); Vitamin D2 | 200-014-9 | 50-14-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 | H330 H311 H301 H372 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H330 H311 H301 H372 ** | | | |
603-180-00-4 | colecalciferol; Vitamin D3 | 200-673-2 | 67-97-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 | H330 H311 H301 H372 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H330 H311 H301 H372 ** | | | |
603-181-00-X | tert-butyl methyl ether; MTBE; 2-methoxy-2-methylpropane | 216-653-1 | 1634-04-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H315 | | | |
603-183-00-0 | 2-[2-(2-butoxyethoxy)ethoxy]ethanol; TEGBE; triethylene glycol monobutyl ether; butoxytriethylene glycol | 205-592-6 | 143-22-6 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | Eye Dam. 1; H318: C ≥ 30 % Eye Irrit. 2; H319: 20 % ≤ C 603-184-00-6 | 2-(hydroxymethyl)-2-[[2-hydroxy-3-(isooctadecyloxy)propoxy]methyl]-1,3-propanediol | 416-380-1 | 146925-83-9 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
603-185-00-1 | 2,4-dichloro-3-ethyl-6-nitrophenol | 420-740-1 | 99817-36-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
603-186-00-7 | trans-(5RS,6SR)-6-amino-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxepan-5-ol | 419-050-3 | 79944-37-9 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
603-187-00-2 | 2-((4,6-bis(4-(2-(1-methylpyridinium-4-yl)vinyl)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)ethanol dichloride | 419-360-9 | 163661-77-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
603-189-00-3 | reaction mass of complexes of: titanium, 2,2'-oxydiethanol, ammonium lactate, nitrilotris(2-propanol) and ethylene glycol | 405-250-8 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
603-191-00-4 | 2-(4,6-bis(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-(3-((2-ethylhexyl)oxy)-2-hydroxypropoxy)phenol | 419-740-4 | 137658-79-8 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
603-195-00-6 | 2-[4-(4-methoxyphenyl)-6-phenyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-phenol | 430-810-3 | 154825-62-4 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
603-196-00-1 | 2-(7-ethyl-1H-indol-3-yl)ethanol | 431-020-1 | 41340-36-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H411 | | | |
603-197-00-7 | tebuconazole (ISO); 1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol | 403-640-2 | 107534-96-3 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361d *** H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H302 H411 | | | |
603-199-00-8 | etoxazol (ISO); (RS)-5-tert-butyl-2-[2-(2,6-difluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazol-4-yl]phenetole | — | 153233-91-1 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | M = 100 | |
604-001-00-2 | phenol; carbolic acid; monohydroxybenzene; phenylalcohol | 203-632-7 | 108-95-2 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B | H341 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H314 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H341 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H314 | | * Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 3 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 1 % ≤ C 604-002-00-8 | pentachlorophenol | 201-778-6 | 87-86-5 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H330 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H330 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
604-003-00-3 | sodium pentachlorophenolate; [1] potassium pentachlorophenolate [2] | 205-025-2 [1] 231-911-3 [2] | 131-52-2 [1] 7778-73-6 [2] | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H330 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H330 H311 H301 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
604-004-00-9 | m-cresol; [1] o-cresol; [2] p-cresol; [3] mix-cresol [4] | 203-577-9 [1] 202-423-8 [2] 203-398-6 [3] 215-293-2 [4] | 108-39-4 [1] 95-48-7 [2] 106-44-5 [3] 1319-77-3 [4] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H311 H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H311 H301 H314 | | * | C |
604-005-00-4 | 1,4-dihydroxybenzene; hydroquinone; quinol | 204-617-8 | 123-31-9 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H341 H302 H318 H317 H400 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H341 H302 H318 H317 H400 | | | |
604-006-00-X | 3,4-xylenol; [1] 2,5-xylenol; [2] 2,4-xylenol; [3] 2,3-xylenol; [4] 2,6-xylenol; [5] xylenol; [6] 2,4(or 2,5)-xylenol [7] | 202-439-5 [1] 202-461-5 [2] 203-321-6 [3] 208-395-3 [4] 209-400-1 [5] 215-089-3 [6] 276-245-4 [7] | 95-65-8 [1] 95-87-4 [2] 105-67-9 [3] 526-75-0 [4] 576-26-1 [5] 1300-71-6 [6] 71975-58-1 [7] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H311 H301 H314 H411 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H314 H411 | | | C |
604-007-00-5 | 2-naphthol | 205-182-7 | 135-19-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H332 H302 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H400 | | | |
604-008-00-0 | 2-chlorophenol; [1] 4-chlorophenol; [2] 3-chlorophenol; [3] chlorophenol [4] | 202-433-2 [1] 203-402-6 [2] 203-582-6 [3] 246-691-4 [4] | 95-57-8 [1] 106-48-9 [2] 108-43-0 [3] 25167-80-0 [4] | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H312 H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H411 | | | C |
604-009-00-6 | pyrogallol; 1,2,3-trihydroxybenzene | 201-762-9 | 87-66-1 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H341 H332 H312 H302 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H341 H332 H312 H302 H412 | | * | |
604-010-00-1 | resorcinol; 1,3-benzenediol | 203-585-2 | 108-46-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H302 H319 H315 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H315 H400 | | * | |
604-011-00-7 | 2,4-dichlorophenol | 204-429-6 | 120-83-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H311 H302 H314 H411 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H302 H314 H411 | | | |
604-012-00-2 | 4-chloro-o-cresol; 4-chloro-2-methyl phenol | 216-381-3 | 1570-64-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H314 H400 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
604-013-00-8 | 2,3,4,6-tetrachlorophenol | 200-402-8 | 58-90-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H319 H315 H410 | | * Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 5 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % | |
604-014-00-3 | chlorocresol; 4-chloro-m-cresol; 4-chloro-3-methylphenol | 200-431-6 | 59-50-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H312 H302 H318 H317 H400 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H318 H317 H400 | | * | |
604-015-00-9 | 2,2'-methylenebis-(3,4,6-trichlorophenol); hexachlorophene | 200-733-8 | 70-30-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H301 H410 | | * | |
604-016-00-4 | 1,2-dihydroxybenzene; pyrocatechol | 204-427-5 | 120-80-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H312 H302 H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 H319 H315 | | | |
604-017-00-X | 2,4,5-trichlorophenol | 202-467-8 | 95-95-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H315 H410 | | * Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 5 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % | |
604-018-00-5 | 2,4,6-trichlorophenol | 201-795-9 | 88-06-2 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H319 H315 H410 | | | |
604-019-00-0 | dichlorophen (ISO) | 202-567-1 | 97-23-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H410 | | | |
604-020-00-6 | 2-phenylphenol (ISO) biphenyl-2-ol; 2-hydroxybiphenyl; | 201-993-5 | 90-43-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H400 | | | |
604-021-00-1 | sodium 2-biphenylate; 2-phenylphenol, sodium salt | 205-055-6 | 132-27-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H302 H335 H315 H318 H400 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H335 H315 H318 H400 | | | |
604-022-00-7 | 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-benzodioxol-4-ol | 400-900-7 | 22961-82-6 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
604-023-00-2 | 2,4-dichloro-3-ethylphenol | 401-060-4 | — | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H410 | | | |
604-024-00-8 | 4,4-isobutylethylidenediphenol | 401-720-1 | 6807-17-6 | Repr. 1B Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360F *** H319 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360F *** H319 H410 | | | |
604-025-00-3 | 2,5-bis(1,1-dimethylbutyl)hydroquinone | 400-220-0 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
604-026-00-9 | 2,2-spirobi(6-hydroxy-4,4,7-trimethylchromane) | 400-270-3 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
604-027-00-4 | 2-methyl-5-(1,1,3,3-tetramethylbutyl)hydroquinone | 400-530-6 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
604-028-00-X | 4-amino-3-fluorophenol | 402-230-0 | 399-95-1 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H302 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H317 H411 | | | |
604-029-00-5 | 1-naphtol | 201-969-4 | 90-15-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 | | | |
604-030-00-0 | bisphenol A; 4,4'-isopropylidenediphenol | 201-245-8 | 80-05-7 | Repr. 2 STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H361f *** H335 H318 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H361f *** H335 H318 H317 | | | |
604-031-00-6 | guaiacol | 201-964-7 | 90-05-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H315 | | | |
604-032-00-1 | thymol | 201-944-8 | 89-83-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H411 | | | |
604-033-00-7 | isobutyl but-3-enoate | 401-170-2 | 24342-03-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Wng | H226 | | | |
604-034-00-2 | 4,4'-thiodi-o-cresol | 403-330-7 | 24197-34-0 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
604-035-00-8 | 4-nonylphenol, reaction products with formaldehyde and dodecane-1-thiol | 404-160-6 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
604-036-00-3 | 4,4'-oxybis(ethylenethio)diphenol | 404-590-4 | 90884-29-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
604-037-00-9 | 3,5-xylenol; 3,5-dimethylphenol | 203-606-5 | 108-68-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H311 H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H311 H301 H314 | | | |
604-038-00-4 | 4-chloro-3,5-dimethylphenol; [1] chloroxylenol [2] | 201-793-8 [1] 215-316-6 [2] | 88-04-0 [1] 1321-23-9 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H315 H317 | | | |
604-039-00-X | ethyl 2-[4-[(6-chlorobenzoxazol-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy]propionate; fenoxaprop-ethyl | 266-362-9 | 66441-23-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
604-040-00-5 | fomesafen (ISO); 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-N-(methylsulphonyl)-2-nitrobenzamide | 276-439-9 | 72178-02-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
604-041-00-0 | acifluorfen (ISO); 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-2-nitrobenzoic acid [1] sodium 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl) phenoxy]-2-nitrobenzoate; acifluorfen-sodium [2] | 256-634-5 [1] 263-560-7 [2] | 50594-66-6 [1] 62476-59-9 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H410 | | | |
604-042-00-6 | 4-nitrosophenol | 203-251-6 | 104-91-6 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H341 H302 H318 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H302 H318 H411 | | | |
604-043-00-1 | monobenzone; 4-hydroxyphenyl benzyl ether; hydroquinone monobenzyl ether | 203-083-3 | 103-16-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | |
604-044-00-7 | mequinol; 4-methoxyphenol; hydroquinone monomethyl ether | 205-769-8 | 150-76-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H317 | | | |
604-045-00-2 | 2,3,5-trimethylhydroquinone | 211-838-3 | 700-13-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H335 H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H335 H315 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
604-046-00-8 | 4-(4-isopropoxyphenylsulfonyl)phenol | 405-520-5 | 95235-30-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
604-047-00-3 | 4-(4-tolyloxy)biphenyl | 405-730-7 | 51601-57-1 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H373 ** H413 | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** H413 | | | |
604-048-00-9 | 4,4',4''-(ethan-1,1,1-triyl)triphenol | 405-800-7 | 27955-94-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
604-049-00-4 | 4-4'-methylenebis(oxyethylenethio)diphenol | 407-480-4 | 93589-69-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
604-051-00-5 | 3,5-bis((3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy)benzyl)-2,4,6-trimethylphenol | 401-110-5 | 87113-78-8 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
604-052-00-0 | 2,2'-methylenebis(6-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-(1,1,3,3-tetramethylbutyl)phenol) | 403-800-1 | 103597-45-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
604-053-00-6 | 2-methyl-4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-6-(1-methyl-pentadecyl)-phenol | 410-760-9 | 157661-93-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
604-054-00-1 | reaction mass of: 2-methoxy-4-(tetrahydro-4-methylene-2H-pyran-2-yl)-phenol; 4-(3,6-dihydro-4-methyl-2H-pyran-2-yl)-2-methoxyphenol | 412-020-0 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
604-055-00-7 | 2,2'-((3,3',5,5'-tetramethyl-(1,1'-biphenyl)-4,4'-diyl)-bis(oxymethylene))-bis-oxirane | 413-900-7 | 85954-11-6 | Muta. 2 | H341 | GHS08 Wng | H341 | | | |
604-056-00-2 | 2-(2-hydroxy-3,5-dinitroanilino)ethanol | 412-520-9 | 99610-72-7 | Flam. Sol. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H228 H361f *** H302 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS08 Dgr | H228 H361f *** H302 | | | |
604-057-00-8 | reaction mass of: isomers of 2-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-methyl-(n)-dodecylphenol; isomers of 2-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-methyl-(n)-tetracosylphenol; isomers of 2-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-methyl-5,6-didodecyl-phenol. n = 5 or 6 | 401-680-5 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
604-058-00-3 | 1,2-bis(3-methylphenoxy)ethane | 402-730-9 | 54914-85-1 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
604-059-00-9 | 2-n-hexadecylhydroquinone | 406-400-5 | — | STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H373 ** H315 H317 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H373 ** H315 H317 H413 | | | |
604-060-00-4 | 9,9-bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)fluorene | 406-950-6 | 3236-71-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H410 | | | |
604-061-00-X | reaction mass of: 2-chloro-5-sec-tetradecylhydroquinones where sec-tetradecyl = 1-methyltridecyl; 1-ethyldodecyl; 1-propylundecyl; 1-butyldecyl; 1-pentylnonyl; 1-hexyloctyl | 407-740-7 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 H412 | | | |
604-062-00-5 | 2,4-dimethyl-6-(1-methyl-pentadecyl)phenol | 411-220-5 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
604-063-00-0 | 5,6-dihydroxyindole | 412-130-9 | 3131-52-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | |
604-064-00-6 | 2-(4,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-((hexyl)oxy)-phenol | 411-380-6 | 147315-50-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
604-065-00-1 | 4,4',4''-(1-methylpropan-1-yl-3-ylidene)tris(2-cyclohexyl-5-methylphenol) | 407-460-5 | 111850-25-0 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
604-066-00-7 | reaction mass of: phenol, 6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-tetrapropyl-2-[(2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propylphenyl)methyl (C41-compound) and methane, 2,2'-bis[6-(1,1-dimethyl-ethyl)-1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropyl-phenyl)]- (C45-compound); 2,6-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-tetra-propyl-phenol and 2-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-tetrapropyl-phenol; 2,6-bis[(6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropylphenyl)methyl]-4-(tetrapropyl)phenol and 2-[(6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropylphenylmethyl]-6-[1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropylphenyl)methyl]-4-(tetrapropyl)phenol | 414-550-8 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
604-067-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2,2'-[[(2-hydroxyethyl)imino]bis(methylene)bis[4-dodecylphenol]; formaldehyde, oligomer with 4-dodecyl phenol and 2-aminoethanol(n = 2); formaldehyde, oligomer with 4-dodecyl phenol and 2-aminoethanol(n = 3, 4 and higher) | 414-520-4 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H410 | | | |
604-068-00-8 | (±)-4-[2-[[3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylpropyl]amino]-1-hydroxyethyl]phenol hydrochloride | 415-170-5 | 90274-24-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H332 H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 H317 | | | |
604-069-00-3 | 2-(1-methylpropyl)-4-tert-butylphenol | 421-740-4 | 51390-14-8 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H411 | | | |
604-070-00-9 | triclosan; 2,4,4'-trichloro-2'-hydroxy-diphenyl-ether; 5-chloro-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenol | 222-182-2 | 3380-34-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H410 | | M = 100 | |
605-001-00-5 | formaldehyde ...% | 200-001-8 | 50-00-0 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H351 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H351 H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | | * Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 5 % ≤ C 605-002-00-0 | 1,3,5-trioxan; trioxymethylene | 203-812-5 | 110-88-3 | Flam. Sol. 1 Repr. 2 STOT SE 3 | H228 H361d *** H335 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H228 H361d *** H335 | | | T |
605-003-00-6 | acetaldehyde; ethanal | 200-836-8 | 75-07-0 | Flam. Liq. 1 Carc. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H224 H351 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H351 H319 H335 | | | |
605-004-00-1 | 2,4,6-trimethyl-1,3,5-trioxan; paraldehyde | 204-639-8 | 123-63-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Dgr | H226 | | | |
605-005-00-7 | 2,4,6,8-tetramethyl-1,3,5,7-tetraoxacyclooctane; metaldehyde | 203-600-2 | 108-62-3 | Flam. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H228 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H228 H302 | | | |
605-006-00-2 | butyraldehyde | 204-646-6 | 123-72-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
605-007-00-8 | 1,1-dimethoxyethane; dimethyl acetal | 208-589-8 | 534-15-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
605-008-00-3 | acrylaldehyde; acrolein; prop-2-enal | 203-453-4 | 107-02-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H225 H330 H311 H301 H314 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H330 H311 H301 H314 H400 | | | D |
605-009-00-9 | crotonaldehyde; 2-butenal; [1] (E)-2-butenal; (E)-crotonaldehyde [2] | 224-030-0 [1] 204-647-1 [2] | 4170-30-3 [1] 123-73-9 [2] | Flam. Liq. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H225 H341 H330 H311 H301 H373 ** H335 H315 H318 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H341 H330 H311 H301 H373 ** H335 H315 H318 H400 | | | |
605-010-00-4 | 2-furaldehyde | 202-627-7 | 98-01-1 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H351 H331 H301 H312 H319 H335 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H351 H331 H301 H312 H319 H335 | | * | |
605-011-00-X | 2-chlorobenzaldehyde; o-chlorobenzaldehyde | 201-956-3 | 89-98-5 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
605-012-00-5 | benzaldehyde | 202-860-4 | 100-52-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
605-013-00-0 | chloralose (INN); (R)-1,2-O-(2,2,2-trichloroethylidene)-α-D-glucofuranose; glucochloralose; anhydroglucochloral | 240-016-7 | 15879-93-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | | |
605-014-00-6 | chloral hydrate; 2,2,2-trichloroethane-1,1-diol | 206-117-5 | 302-17-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H301 H319 H315 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H319 H315 | | | |
605-015-00-1 | 1,1-diethoxyethane; acetal | 203-310-6 | 105-57-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H319 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H315 | | | |
605-016-00-7 | glyoxal...%; ethandial...% | 203-474-9 | 107-22-2 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H341 H332 H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 GHS08 Wng | H341 H332 H319 H315 H317 | | * | B |
605-017-00-2 | 1,3-dioxolane | 211-463-5 | 646-06-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
605-018-00-8 | propanal; propionaldehyde | 204-623-0 | 123-38-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H225 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
605-019-00-3 | citral | 226-394-6 | 5392-40-5 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 | | | |
605-020-00-9 | safrole; 5-allyl-1,3-benzodioxole | 202-345-4 | 94-59-7 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H341 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H341 H302 | | | |
605-021-00-4 | formaldehyde, reaction products with butylphenol | 294-145-9 | 91673-30-2 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
605-022-00-X | glutaral; glutaraldehyde; 1,5-pentanedial | 203-856-5 | 111-30-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H301 H314 H334 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H314 H334 H317 H400 | | * Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 10 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 0,5 % ≤ C 605-025-00-6 | chloroacetaldehyde | 203-472-8 | 107-20-0 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H330 H311 H301 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H330 H311 H301 H314 H400 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
605-026-00-1 | 2,5,7,7-tetramethyloctanal | 405-690-0 | 114119-97-0 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H411 | | | |
605-027-00-7 | reaction mass of: 3a,4,5,6,7,7a-hexahydro-4,7-methano-1H-indene-6-carboxaldehyde; 3a,4,5,6,7,7a-hexahydro-4,7-methano-1H-indene-5-carboxaldehyde | 410-480-7 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
605-028-00-2 | β-methyl-3-(1-methylethyl)-benzenepropanal | 412-050-4 | 125109-85-5 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
605-029-00-8 | 2-cyclohexylpropanal | 412-270-0 | 2109-22-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
605-030-00-3 | 1-(p-methoxyphenyl)acetaldehyde oxime | 411-510-1 | 3353-51-3 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
605-031-00-9 | reaction mass of: 2,2-dimethoxyethanal [this component is considered to be anhydrous in terms of identity, structure and composition. However, 2,2-dimethoxyethanal will exist in a hydrated form. 60 % anhydrous is equivalent to 70,4 % hydrate; water(Including free water and water in hydrated 2,2-dimethoxyethanal)] | 421-890-0 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
606-001-00-8 | acetone; propan-2-one; propanone | 200-662-2 | 67-64-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H336 | EUH066 | | |
606-002-00-3 | butanone; ethyl methyl ketone | 201-159-0 | 78-93-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H336 | EUH066 | | |
606-003-00-9 | heptan-3-one; butyl ethyl ketone | 203-388-1 | 106-35-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H226 H332 H319 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H319 | | | |
606-004-00-4 | 4-methylpentan-2-one; isobutyl methyl ketone | 203-550-1 | 108-10-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H332 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H319 H335 | EUH066 | | |
606-005-00-X | 2,6-dimethylheptan-4-one; di-isobutyl ketone | 203-620-1 | 108-83-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT SE 3 | H226 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H335 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
606-006-00-5 | pentan-3-one; diethyl ketone | 202-490-3 | 96-22-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 STOT SE 3 STOT SE 3 | H225 H335 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H335 H336 | EUH066 | | |
606-007-00-0 | 3-methylbutan-2-one; methyl isopropyl ketone | 209-264-3 | 563-80-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
606-009-00-1 | 4-methylpent-3-en-2-one; mesityl oxide | 205-502-5 | 141-79-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H312 H302 | | * | |
606-010-00-7 | cyclohexanone | 203-631-1 | 108-94-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 | | | |
606-011-00-2 | 2-methylcyclohexanone | 209-513-6 | 583-60-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 | | | |
606-012-00-8 | 3,5,5-trimethylcyclohex-2-enone; isophorone | 201-126-0 | 78-59-1 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H351 H312 H302 H319 H335 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H312 H302 H319 H335 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
606-013-00-3 | p-benzoquinone; quinone | 203-405-2 | 106-51-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H301 H319 H335 H315 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H319 H335 H315 H400 | | | |
606-014-00-9 | chlorophacinone (ISO); 2-(2-(4-chlorophenyl)phenylacetyl)indan-1,3-dione | 223-003-0 | 3691-35-8 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H331 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H331 H372 ** H410 | | | |
606-016-00-X | pindone (ISO); 2-pivaloylindan-1,3-dione | 201-462-8 | 83-26-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H372 ** H410 | | | |
606-017-00-5 | diketene; diketen | 211-617-1 | 674-82-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 | | | D |
606-018-00-0 | dichlone (ISO); 2,3-dichloro-1,4-naphthoquinone | 204-210-5 | 117-80-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H315 H410 | | | |
606-019-00-6 | chlordecone (ISO); perchloropentacyclo[5,3,0,02,6,03,9,04,8]decan-5-one; decachloropentacyclo[5,2,1,02,6,03,9,05,8]decan-4-one | 205-601-3 | 143-50-0 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H311 H301 H410 | | | |
606-020-00-1 | 5-methylheptan-3-one | 208-793-7 | 541-85-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H226 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 H335 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
606-021-00-7 | N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone | 212-828-1 | 872-50-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 | | | |
606-022-00-2 | 1-phenyl-3-pyrazolidone | 202-155-1 | 92-43-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
606-023-00-8 | 4-methoxy-4-methylpentan-2-one | 203-512-4 | 107-70-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 | | | |
606-024-00-3 | heptan-2-one; methyl amyl ketone | 203-767-1 | 110-43-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H302 | | | |
606-025-00-9 | cyclopentanone | 204-435-9 | 120-92-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H226 H319 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 H315 | | | |
606-026-00-4 | 5-methylhexan-2-one; isoamyl methyl ketone | 203-737-8 | 110-12-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 | | | |
606-027-00-X | heptan-4-one; di-n-propyl ketone | 204-608-9 | 123-19-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 | | | |
606-028-00-5 | 2,4-dimethylpentan-3-one; di-isopropyl ketone | 209-294-7 | 565-80-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 | | | |
606-029-00-0 | pentane-2,4-dione; acetylacetone | 204-634-0 | 123-54-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H302 | | | |
606-030-00-6 | hexan-2-one; methyl butyl ketone; butyl methyl ketone; methyl-n-butyl ketone | 209-731-1 | 591-78-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Repr. 2 STOT RE 1 STOT SE 3 | H226 H361f *** H372 ** H336 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H361f *** H372 ** H336 | | | |
606-031-00-1 | 3-propanolide; 1,3-propiolactone | 200-340-1 | 57-57-8 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H350 H330 H319 H315 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H330 H319 H315 | | | |
606-032-00-7 | hexachloroacetone | 204-129-5 | 116-16-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
606-033-00-2 | 2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-methyl-1,2,4-oxadiazolidinedione; methazole | 243-761-6 | 20354-26-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H319 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H319 H315 H411 | | | |
606-034-00-8 | metribuzin (ISO); 4-amino-6-tert-butyl-3-methylthio-1,2,4-triazin-5(4H)-one; 4-amino-4,5-dihydro-6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-3-methylthio-1,2,4-triazin-5-one | 244-209-7 | 21087-64-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
606-035-00-3 | chloridazon (ISO); 5-amino-4-chloro-2-phenylpyridazine-3-(2H)-one; pyrazon | 216-920-2 | 1698-60-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
606-036-00-9 | quinomethionate; chinomethionat (ISO); 6-methyl-1,3-dithiolo(4,5-b)quinoxalin-2-one | 219-455-3 | 2439-01-2 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361f *** H332 H312 H302 H373 ** H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361f *** H332 H312 H302 H373 ** H319 H317 H410 | | | |
606-037-00-4 | triadimefon (ISO); 1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butanone | 256-103-8 | 43121-43-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H411 | | | |
606-038-00-X | diphacinone (ISO); 2-diphenylacetylindan-1,3-dione | 201-434-5 | 82-66-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 | H300 H372 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H300 H372 ** | | | |
606-039-00-5 | 5(or 6)-tert-butyl-2'-chloro-6'-ethylamino-3',7'-dimethylspiro(isobenzofuran-1(1H),9'-xanthene)-3-one | 400-680-2 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H410 | | | |
606-040-00-0 | (N-benzyl-N-ethyl)amino-3-hydroxyacetophenone hydrochloride | 401-840-4 | 55845-90-4 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
606-041-00-6 | 2-methyl-1-(4-methylthiophenyl)-2-morpholinopropan-1-one | 400-600-6 | 71868-10-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
606-042-00-1 | acetophenone | 202-708-7 | 98-86-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
606-043-00-7 | 2,4-di-tert-butylcyclohexanone | 405-340-7 | 13019-04-0 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
606-044-00-2 | 2,4,6-trimethylbenzophenone | 403-150-9 | 954-16-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H410 | | | |
606-045-00-8 | oxadiazon (ISO); 3-[2,4-dichloro-5-(1-methylethoxy)phenyl]-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one | 243-215-7 | 19666-30-9 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-046-00-3 | reaction mass of cis- and trans-cyclohexadec-8-en-1-one | 401-700-2 | 3100-36-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-047-00-9 | 2-benzyl-2-dimethylamino-4-morpholinobutyrophenone | 404-360-3 | 119313-12-1 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-048-00-4 | 2'-anilino-3'-methyl-6'-dipentylaminospiro(isobenzofuran-1(1H),9'-xanthen)-3-one | 406-480-1 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
606-049-00-X | 4-(trans-4-propylcyclohexyl)acetophenone | 406-700-6 | 78531-61-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
606-050-00-5 | 6-anilino-1-benzoyl-4-(4-tert-pentylphenoxy)naphto[1,2,3-de]quinoline-2,7-(3H)-dione | 412-480-2 | 72453-58-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
606-051-00-0 | 4-pentylcyclohexanone | 406-670-4 | 61203-83-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
606-052-00-6 | 4-(N,N-dibutylamino)-2-hydroxy-2'-carboxybenzophenone | 410-410-5 | 54574-82-2 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
606-053-00-1 | flurtamone (ISO); (RS)-5-methylamino-2-phenyl-4-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)furan-3(2H)-one | — | 96525-23-4 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-054-00-7 | isoxaflutole (ISO); 5-cyclopropyl-1,2-oxazol-4-yl α,α,α-trifluoro-2-mesyl-p-tolyl ketone | — | 141112-29-0 | Repr. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H410 | | | |
606-055-00-2 | 1-(2,3-dihydro-1,3,3,6-tetramethyl-1-(1-methylethyl)-1H-inden-5-yl)ethanone | 411-180-9 | 92836-10-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H411 | | | |
606-056-00-8 | 4-chloro-3',4'-dimethoxybenzophenone | 404-610-1 | 116412-83-0 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-057-00-3 | 4-propylcyclohexanone | 406-810-4 | 40649-36-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H412 | | | |
606-058-00-9 | 4'-fluoro-2,2-dimethoxyacetophenone | 407-500-1 | 21983-80-2 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
606-059-00-4 | 2,4-difluoro-α-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)acetophenone hydrochloride | 412-390-3 | 86386-75-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 | | | |
606-060-00-X | reaction mass of: trans-2,4-dimethyl-2-(5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-naphthalene-2-yl)-1,3-dioxolane; cis-2,4-dimethyl-2-(5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-naphthalene-2-yl)-1,3-dioxolane | 412-950-7 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-061-00-5 | (3-chlorophenyl)-(4-methoxy-3-nitrophenyl)methanone | 423-290-4 | 66938-41-8 | Muta. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H341 H410 | | | |
606-062-00-0 | tetrahydrothiopyran-3-carboxaldehyde | 407-330-8 | 61571-06-0 | Repr. 1B Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H360D *** H318 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H360D *** H318 H412 | | | |
606-063-00-6 | (E)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-(4-fluorophenyl)propenal | 410-980-5 | 112704-51-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | |
606-064-00-1 | pregn-5-ene-3,20-dione bis(ethylene ketal) | 407-450-0 | 7093-55-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
606-065-00-7 | 1-(4-morpholinophenyl)butan-1-one | 413-790-0 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
606-066-00-2 | (E)-5[(4-chlorophenyl)methylene]-2,2-dimethylcyclopentanone | 410-440-9 | 164058-20-2 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
606-067-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1-(2,3,6,7,8,9-hexahydro-1,1-dimethyl-1H-benz(g)inden-4-yl)ethanone; 1-(2,3,5,6,7,8-hexahydro-1,1-dimethyl-1H-benz(f)inden-4-yl)ethanone; 1-(2,3,6,7,8,9-hexahydro-1,1-dimethyl-1H-benz(g)inden-5-yl)ethanone; 1-(2,3,6,7,8,9-hexahydro-3,3-dimethyl-1H-benz(g)inden-5-yl)ethanone | 414-870-8 | 96792-67-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-068-00-3 | 2,7,11-trimethyl-13-(2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl)tridecahexaen-2,4,6,8,10,12-al | 415-770-7 | 1638-05-7 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H373 ** H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H373 ** H317 H412 | | | |
606-069-00-9 | spiro[1,3-dioxolane-2,5'-(4',4',8',8'-tetramethyl-hexahydro-3',9'-methanonaphthalene)] | 415-460-1 | 154171-76-3 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
606-070-00-4 | butroxydim (ISO); 5-(3-butyryl-2,4,6-trimethylphenyl)-2-[1-(ethoxyimino)propyl]-3-hydroxycyclohex-2-en-1-one | 414-790-3 | 138164-12-2 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361fd H302 H315 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361fd H302 H315 H410 | | | |
606-071-00-X | 17-spiro(5,5-dimethyl-1,3-dioxan-2-yl)androsta-1,4-diene-3-one | 421-050-3 | 13258-43-0 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-072-00-5 | 3-acetyl-1-phenyl-pyrrolidine-2,4-dione | 421-600-2 | 719-86-8 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H411 | | | |
606-073-00-0 | 4,4'-bis(dimethylamino)benzophenone; Michler's ketone | 202-027-5 | 90-94-8 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H350 H341 H318 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H350 H341 H318 | | | |
606-075-00-1 | 1-benzyl-5-ethoxyimidazolidine-2,4-dione | 417-340-4 | 65855-02-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
606-076-00-7 | 1-((2-quinolinyl-carbonyl)oxy)-2,5-pyrrolidinedione | 418-630-3 | 136465-99-1 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
606-077-00-2 | (3S,4S)-3-hexyl-4-[(R)-2-hydroxytridecyl]-2-oxetanone | 418-650-2 | 104872-06-2 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-078-00-8 | 1-octylazepin-2-one | 420-040-6 | 59227-88-2 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H411 | | | |
606-079-00-3 | 2-n-butyl-benzo[d]isothiazol-3-one | 420-590-7 | 4299-07-4 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H410 | | | |
606-080-00-9 | Reaction product of: 3-hydroxy-5,7-di-tert-butylbenzofuran-2-one with o-xylene | 417-100-9 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | | H413 | | | |
606-081-00-4 | (3β, 5α, 6β)-3-(acetyloxy)-5-bromo-6-hydroxy-androstan-17-one | 419-790-7 | 4229-69-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
606-082-00-X | reaction mass of: butan-2-one oxime; syn-O,O'-di(butan-2-one oxime)diethoxysilane | 406-930-7 | | STOT RE 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H372 ** H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H372 ** H317 H412 | | | |
606-083-00-5 | 2-chloro-5-sec-hexadecylhydroquinone | 407-750-1 | 137193-60-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H315 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 H412 | | | |
606-084-00-0 | 1-(4-methoxy-5-benzofuranyl)-3-phenyl-1,3-propanedione | 414-540-3 | 484-33-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-085-00-6 | (1R,4S)-2-azabicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-3-one | 418-530-1 | 79200-56-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 | | | |
606-086-00-1 | 1-(3,3-dimethylcyclohexyl)pent-4-en-1-one | 422-330-8 | 56973-87-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
606-087-00-7 | 6-ethyl-5-fluoro-4(3H)-pyrimidone | 422-460-5 | 137234-87-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
606-088-00-2 | 2,4,4,7-tetramethyl-6-octen-3-one | 422-520-0 | 74338-72-0 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
606-089-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1,4-diamino-2-chloro-3-phenoxyanthraquinone; 1,4-diamino-2,3-bis-phenoxyanthraquinone | 423-220-2 | 12223-77-7 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
606-091-00-9 | 6-chloro-5-(2-chloroethyl)-1,3-dihydroindol-2-one | 421-320-0 | 118289-55-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
606-092-00-4 | reaction mass of: (E)-oxacyclohexadec-12-en-2-one; (E)-oxacyclohexadec-13-en-2-one; a) (Z)-oxacyclohexadec-(12)-en-2-one and b) (Z)-oxacyclohexadec-(13)-en-2-one | 422-320-3 | | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-001-00-0 | formic acid ... % | 200-579-1 | 64-18-6 | Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 90 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 10 % ≤ C 607-002-00-6 | acetic acid ... % | 200-580-7 | 64-19-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Skin Corr. 1A | H226 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H314 | | Skin Corr. 1A; H314: C ≥ 90 % Skin Corr. 1B; H314: 25 % ≤ C 607-003-00-1 | chloroacetic acid | 201-178-4 | 79-11-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H314 H400 | | | |
607-004-00-7 | TCA (ISO); trichloroacetic acid | 200-927-2 | 76-03-9 | Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-005-00-2 | TCA-sodium (ISO); sodium trichloroacetate | 211-479-2 | 650-51-1 | STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H335 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H335 H410 | | | |
607-006-00-8 | oxalic acid | 205-634-3 | 144-62-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | * | |
607-007-00-3 | salts of oxalic acid | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | * | A |
607-008-00-9 | acetic anhydride | 203-564-8 | 108-24-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H332 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H332 H302 H314 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 5 % ≤ C 607-009-00-4 | phthalic anhydride | 201-607-5 | 85-44-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H335 H315 H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H335 H315 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
607-010-00-X | propionic anhydride | 204-638-2 | 123-62-6 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 10 % ≤ C 607-011-00-5 | acetyl chloride | 200-865-6 | 75-36-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H314 | EUH014 | | |
607-012-00-0 | benzoyl chloride | 202-710-8 | 98-88-4 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
607-013-00-6 | dimethyl carbonate | 210-478-4 | 616-38-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
607-014-00-1 | methyl formate | 203-481-7 | 107-31-3 | Flam. Liq. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H224 H332 H302 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H332 H302 H319 H335 | | | |
607-015-00-7 | ethyl formate | 203-721-0 | 109-94-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H332 H302 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 H319 H335 | | | |
607-016-00-2 | propyl formate; [1] isopropyl formate [2] | 203-798-0 [1] 210-901-2 [2] | 110-74-7 [1] 625-55-8 [2] | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H335 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 H336 | | | C |
607-017-00-8 | butyl formate; [1] tert-butyl formate; [2] isobutyl formate [3] | 209-772-5 [1] 212-105-0 [2] 208-818-1 [3] | 592-84-7 [1] 762-75-4 [2] 542-55-2 [3] | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 | | | C |
607-018-00-3 | isopentyl formate; [1] 2-methylbutyl formate [2] | 203-769-2 [1] 252-343-2 [2] | 110-45-2 [1] 35073-27-9 [2] | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 | | | C |
607-019-00-9 | methyl chloroformate | 201-187-3 | 79-22-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H330 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H330 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
607-020-00-4 | ethyl chloroformate | 208-778-5 | 541-41-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H330 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H330 H302 H314 | | | |
607-021-00-X | methyl acetate | 201-185-2 | 79-20-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H336 | EUH066 | | |
607-022-00-5 | ethyl acetate | 205-500-4 | 141-78-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H336 | EUH066 | | |
607-023-00-0 | vinyl acetate | 203-545-4 | 108-05-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | D |
607-024-00-6 | propyl acetate; [1] isopropyl acetate [2] | 203-686-1 [1] 203-561-1 [2] | 109-60-4 [1] 108-21-4 [2] | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H225 H319 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H336 | EUH066 | | C |
607-025-00-1 | n-butyl acetate | 204-658-1 | 123-86-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT SE 3 | H226 H336 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H336 | EUH066 | | |
607-026-00-7 | sec-butyl acetate; [1] isobutyl acetate; [2] tert-butyl acetate [3] | 203-300-1 [1] 203-745-1 [2] 208-760-7 [3] | 105-46-4 [1] 110-19-0 [2] 540-88-5 [3] | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | EUH066 | | C |
607-027-00-2 | methyl propionate | 209-060-4 | 554-12-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 | | | |
607-028-00-8 | ethyl propionate | 203-291-4 | 105-37-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
607-029-00-3 | n-butyl propionate; [1] sec-butyl propionate; [2] iso-butyl propionate [3] | 209-669-5 [1] - [2] 208-746-0 [3] | 590-01-2 [1] 591-34-4 [2] 540-42-1 [3] | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Wng | H226 | | | C |
607-030-00-9 | propyl propionate | 203-389-7 | 106-36-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 | | | |
607-031-00-4 | butyl butyrate | 203-656-8 | 109-21-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Wng | H226 | | | C |
607-032-00-X | ethyl acrylate | 205-438-8 | 140-88-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 | | Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 5 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | D |
607-033-00-5 | n-butyl methacrylate | 202-615-1 | 97-88-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 H335 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-034-00-0 | methyl acrylate; methyl propenoate | 202-500-6 | 96-33-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-035-00-6 | methyl methacrylate; methyl 2-methylprop-2-enoate; methyl 2-methylpropenoate | 201-297-1 | 80-62-6 | Flam. Liq. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H225 H335 H315 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H335 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-036-00-1 | 2-methoxyethyl acetate; methylglycol acetate | 203-772-9 | 110-49-6 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H360FD H332 H312 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H360FD H332 H312 H302 | | | |
607-037-00-7 | 2-ethoxyethyl acetate; ethylglycol acetate | 203-839-2 | 111-15-9 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H360FD H332 H312 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H360FD H332 H312 H302 | | | |
607-038-00-2 | 2-butoxyethyl acetate; butylglycol acetate | 203-933-3 | 112-07-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 | | | |
607-039-00-8 | 2,4-D (ISO); 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid | 202-361-1 | 94-75-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H335 H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H335 H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-040-00-3 | salts of 2,4-D | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | A |
607-041-00-9 | 2,4,5-T (ISO); 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy acetic acid | 202-273-3 | 93-76-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
607-042-00-4 | salts and esters of 2,4,5-T; salts and esters of 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy acetic acid | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | A |
607-043-00-X | dicamba (ISO); 2,5-dichloro-6-methoxybenzoic acid; 3,6-dichloro-2-methoxybenzoic acid | 217-635-6 | 1918-00-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H412 | | | |
607-044-00-5 | 3,6-dichloro-o-anisic acid, compound with dimethylamine (1:1); [1] potassium 3,6-dichloro-o-anisate [2] | 218-951-7 [1] 233-002-7 [2] | 2300-66-5 [1] 10007-85-9 [2] | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H412 | | | |
607-045-00-0 | dichlorprop (ISO); 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy) propionic acid | 204-390-5 | 120-36-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H312 H302 H315 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H315 H318 | | | |
607-046-00-6 | salts of dichlorprop | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | A |
607-047-00-1 | fenoprop (ISO); 2-(2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)propionic acid | 202-271-2 | 93-72-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H315 H410 | | | |
607-048-00-7 | salts of fenoprop; salts of 2-(2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)propionic acid | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | | A |
607-049-00-2 | mecoprop (ISO); 2-(4-chloro-o-tolyloxy) propionic acid; (RS)-2-(4-chloro-o-tolyloxy)propionic acid; [1] 2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propionic acid [2] | 230-386-8 [1] 202-264-4 [2] | 7085-19-0 [1]708519-0 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H410 | | M=100 | |
607-050-00-8 | salts of mecoprop | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H410 | | | A |
607-051-00-3 | MCPA (ISO); 4-chloro-o-tolyloxyacetic acid | 202-360-6 | 94-74-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H315 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 | | | |
607-052-00-9 | salts and esters of MCPA | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | A |
607-053-00-4 | MCPB (ISO); 4-(4-chloro-o-tolyloxy) butyric acid | 202-365-3 | 94-81-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-054-00-X | salts and esters of MCPB | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | A |
607-055-00-5 | endothal-sodium (ISO); disodium 7-oxabicyclo(2,2,1)heptane-2,3-dicarboxylate | 204-959-8 | 129-67-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H301 H312 H319 H335 H315 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
607-056-00-0 | warfarin (ISO); [1] (S)-4-hydroxy-3-(3-oxo-1-phenylbutyl)-2-benzopyrone; [2] (R)-4-hydroxy-3-(3-oxo-1-phenylbutyl)-2-benzopyrone [3] | 201-377-6 [1] 226-907-3 [2] 226-908-9 [3] | 81-81-2 [1] 5543-57-7 [2] 5543-58-8 [3] | Repr. 1A STOT RE 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H360D *** H372 ** H412 | GHS08 Dgr | H360D *** H372 ** H412 | | | |
607-057-00-6 | coumachlor (ISO); 3-[1-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-oxobutyl]-4-hydroxycoumarin | 201-378-1 | 81-82-3 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H373 ** H412 | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** H412 | | | |
607-058-00-1 | coumafuryl (ISO); fumarin; (RS)-3-(1-(2-furyl)-3-oxobutyl)4-hydroxycoumarin; 4-hydroxy-3-[3-oxo-1-(2-furyl) butyl]coumarin | 204-195-5 | 117-52-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H301 H372 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H372 ** H412 | | | |
607-059-00-7 | coumatetralyl; 4-hydroxy-3-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl)coumarin | 227-424-0 | 5836-29-3 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H310 H300 H372 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H310 H300 H372 ** H412 | | | |
607-060-00-2 | dicoumarol; 4,4'-dihydroxy-3,3'-methylenebis(2H-chromen-2-one) | 200-632-9 | 66-76-2 | STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H372 ** H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H302 H411 | | | |
607-061-00-8 | acrylic acid; prop-2-enoic acid | 201-177-9 | 79-10-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 H400 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 H400 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | D |
607-062-00-3 | n-butyl acrylate | 205-480-7 | 141-32-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 H335 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-063-00-9 | isobutyric acid | 201-195-7 | 79-31-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
607-064-00-4 | benzyl chloroformate | 207-925-0 | 501-53-1 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
607-065-00-X | bromoacetic acid | 201-175-8 | 79-08-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H311 H301 H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H314 H400 | | | |
607-066-00-5 | dichloroacetic acid | 201-207-0 | 79-43-6 | Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | | | |
607-067-00-0 | dichloroacetyl chloride | 201-199-9 | 79-36-7 | Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H400 | | | |
607-068-00-6 | iodoacetic acid | 200-590-1 | 64-69-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1A | H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H301 H314 | | | |
607-069-00-1 | ethyl bromoacetate | 203-290-9 | 105-36-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 | | | |
607-070-00-7 | ethyl chloroacetate | 203-294-0 | 105-39-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H400 | | | |
607-071-00-2 | ethyl methacrylate | 202-597-5 | 97-63-2 | Flam. Liq. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H225 H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H319 H335 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-072-00-8 | 2-hydroxyethyl acrylate | 212-454-9 | 818-61-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H311 H314 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H314 H317 H400 | | * Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | D |
607-073-00-3 | 4-CPA (ISO); 4-chlorophenoxyacetic acid | 204-581-3 | 122-88-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-074-00-9 | chlorfenac(ISO); 2,3,6-trichlorophenylacetic acid | 201-599-3 | 85-34-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-075-00-4 | chlorfenprop-methyl; methyl 2-chloro-3-(4-chlorophenyl)propionate | 238-413-5 | 14437-17-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
607-076-00-X | dodine(ISO); dodecylguanidinium acetate | 219-459-5 | 2439-10-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H315 H410 | | | |
607-077-00-5 | erbon (ISO); 2-(2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)ethyl 2,2-dichloropropionate | — | 136-25-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-078-00-0 | fluenetil (ISO); 2-fluoroethyl biphenyl-4-ylacetate | — | 4301-50-2 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H310 H300 | | | |
607-079-00-6 | kelevan (ISO); ethyl 5-(perchloro-5-hydroxypentacyclo[5,3,0,02,6,03,9,04,8]decan-5-yl)-4-oxopentanoate; ethyl 5-(1,2,3,5,6,7,8,9,10,10-decachloro-4-hydroxypentacyclo(5,2,1,02,6,03,9,05,8)dec-4-yl)-4-oxovalerate | — | 4234-79-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H311 H302 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H302 H411 | | | |
607-080-00-1 | chloroacetyl chloride | 201-171-6 | 79-04-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H314 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H314 H400 | EUH014 EUH029 | | |
607-081-00-7 | fluoroacetic acid | 205-631-7 | 144-49-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H300 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H400 | | | |
607-082-00-2 | fluoroacetates, soluble | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H300 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H400 | | | A |
607-083-00-8 | 2,4-DB (ISO); 4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)butyric acid | 202-366-9 | 94-82-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-084-00-3 | salts of 2,4-DB | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | A |
607-085-00-9 | benzyl benzoate | 204-402-9 | 120-51-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-086-00-4 | diallyl phthalate | 205-016-3 | 131-17-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
607-088-00-5 | methacrylic acid; 2-methylpropenoic acid | 201-204-4 | 79-41-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | D |
607-089-00-0 | propionic acid ... % | 201-176-3 | 79-09-4 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 25 % Skin Irrit. 2; H319: 10 % ≤ C 607-090-00-6 | thioglycolic acid | 200-677-4 | 68-11-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H331 H311 H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H314 | | * | |
607-091-00-1 | trifluoroacetic acid . . . % | 200-929-3 | 76-05-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 | GHS05 | H332 | | * | B |
| | | | Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H412 | GHS07 Dgr | H314 H412 | | | |
607-092-00-7 | methyl lactate; [1] methyl (±)-lactate; [2] methyl (R)-lactate; [3] methyl (S)-(-)-lactate [4] | 208-930-0 [1] 218-449-8 [2] 241-420-6 [3] 248-704-9 [4] | 547-64-8 [1] 2155-30-8 [2] 17392-83-5 [3] 27871-49-4 [4] | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H226 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 H335 | | | C |
607-093-00-2 | propionyl chloride | 201-170-0 | 79-03-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H314 | EUH014 | | B D |
607-094-00-8 | peracetic acid . . . % | 201-186-8 | 79-21-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Org. Perox. D **** Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H226 H242 H332 H312 H302 H314 H400 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H242 H332 H312 H302 H314 H400 | | * STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | B D |
607-095-00-3 | maleic acid | 203-742-5 | 110-16-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
607-096-00-9 | maleic anhydride | 203-571-6 | 108-31-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H314 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H334 H317 | | | |
607-097-00-4 | benzene-1,2,4-tricarboxylic acid 1,2-anhydride; trimellitic anhydride | 209-008-0 | 552-30-7 | STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H335 H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H335 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
607-098-00-X | benzene-1,2:4,5-tetracarboxylic dianhydride; benzene-1,2:4,5-tetracarboxylic dianhydride; pyromellitic dianhydride | 201-898-9 | 89-32-7 | Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H318 H334 H317 | | | |
607-099-00-5 | 1,2,3,6-tetrahydrophthalic anhydride; [1] cis-1,2,3,6-tetrahydrophthalic anhydride; [2] 3,4,5,6-tetrahydrophthalic anhydride; [3] tetrahydrophthalic anhydride [4] | 201-605-4 [1] 213-308-7 [2] 219-374-3 [3] 247-570-9 [4] | 85-43-8 [1] 935-79-5 [2] 2426-02-0 [3] 26266-63-7 [4] | Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H334 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H318 H334 H317 H412 | | | C |
607-100-00-9 | benzophenone-3,3',4,4'-tetracarboxylic dianhydride; 4,4'-carbonyldi(phthalic anhydride) | 219-348-1 | 2421-28-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H319 H335 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 | | Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 1 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-101-00-4 | 1,4,5,6,7,7-hexachlorobicyclo [2,2,1]hept-5-ene-2,3-dicarboxylic anhydride chlorendic anhydride | 204-077-3 | 115-27-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 1 % Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 1 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-102-00-X | cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic anhydride; [1] cis-cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic anhydride; [2] trans-cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic anhydride [3] | 201-604-9 [1] 236-086-3 [2] 238-009-9 [3] | 85-42-7 [1] 13149-00-3 [2] 14166-21-3 [3] | Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H318 H334 H317 | | | C |
607-103-00-5 | succinic anhydride | 203-570-0 | 108-30-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H319 H335 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 | | Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 1 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-104-00-0 | cyclopentane-1,2,3,4-tetracarboxylic dianhydride | 227-964-7 | 6053-68-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H319 H335 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 | | Eye Irrit. 2; H319: C ≥ 1 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-105-00-6 | 8,9,10-trinorborn-5-ene-2,3-dicarboxylic anhydride; [1] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3,6-methanophthalic anhydride; [2] (1α,2α,3β,6β)-1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3,6-methanophthalic anhydride [3] | 204-957-7 [1] 212-557-9 [2] 220-384-5 [3] | 129-64-6 [1] 826-62-0 [2] 2746-19-2 [3] | Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H318 H334 H317 | | | C |
607-106-00-1 | 8,9-dinorborn-5-ene-2,3-dicarboxylic anhydride | — | 123748-85-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H319 H335 H315 H334 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | C |
607-107-00-7 | 2-ethylhexyl acrylate | 203-080-7 | 103-11-7 | STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H335 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H335 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-108-00-2 | 2-hydroxy-1-methylethylacrylate; [1] 2-hydroxypropylacrylate; [2] acrylic acid, monoester with propane-1,2-diol [3] | 220-852-9 [1] 213-663-8 [2] 247-118-0 [3] | 2918-23-2 [1] 999-61-1 [2] 25584-83-2 [3] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | | * Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | C D |
607-109-00-8 | hexamethylene diacrylate; hexane-1,6-diol diacrylate | 235-921-9 | 13048-33-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-110-00-3 | pentaerythritol triacrylate | 222-540-8 | 3524-68-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-111-00-9 | 2,2-bis(acryloyloxymethyl)butyl acrylate; trimethylolpropane triacrylate | 239-701-3 | 15625-89-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-112-00-4 | 2,2-dimethyltrimethylene diacrylate; neopentyl glycol diacrylate | 218-741-5 | 2223-82-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H311 H319 H315 H317 | GHS06 Dgr | H311 H319 H315 H317 | | * | D |
607-113-00-X | isobutyl methacrylate | 202-613-0 | 97-86-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H226 H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H226 H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 | | | D |
607-114-00-5 | ethylene dimethacrylate | 202-617-2 | 97-90-5 | STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 | H335 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H335 H317 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-115-00-0 | isobutyl acrylate | 203-417-8 | 106-63-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H332 H312 H315 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H312 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-116-00-6 | cyclohexyl acrylate | 221-319-3 | 3066-71-5 | STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H335 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H335 H315 H411 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-117-00-1 | 2,3-epoxypropyl acrylate; glycidyl acrylate | 203-440-3 | 106-90-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 | | * Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | D |
607-118-00-7 | 1-methyltrimethylene diacrylate; 1,3-butylene glycol diacrylate | 243-105-9 | 19485-03-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H312 H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H314 H317 | | | D |
607-119-00-2 | tetramethylene diacrylate; 1,4-butyleneglycol diacrylate | 213-979-6 | 1070-70-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H312 H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H314 H317 | | | D |
607-120-00-8 | 2,2'-oxydiethyl diacrylate; diethylene glycol diacrylate | 223-791-6 | 4074-88-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H311 H319 H315 H317 | GHS06 Dgr | H311 H319 H315 H317 | | * Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | D |
607-121-00-3 | 8,9,10-trinorborn-2-yl acrylate | — | 10027-06-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H312 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-122-00-9 | pentaerythritol tetraacrylate | 225-644-1 | 4986-89-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-123-00-4 | 2,3-epoxypropyl methacrylate; glycidyl methacrylate | 203-441-9 | 106-91-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H332 H312 H302 H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-124-00-X | 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate | 212-782-2 | 868-77-9 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-125-00-5 | 2-hydroxypropyl methacrylate; [1] 3-hydroxypropyl methacrylate [2] | 213-090-3 [1] 220-426-2 [2] | 923-26-2 [1] 2761-09-3 [2] | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | C D |
607-126-00-0 | 2,2'-(ethylenedioxy)diethyl diacrylate; triethylene glycol diacrylate | 216-853-9 | 1680-21-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-127-00-6 | 2-diethylaminoethyl methacrylate | 203-275-7 | 105-16-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H332 H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-128-00-1 | 2-tert-butylaminoethyl methacrylate | 223-228-4 | 3775-90-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-129-00-7 | ethyl lactate; ethyl DL-lactate; [1] ethyl (S)-2-hydroxypropionate; ethyl L-lactate; ethyl-(S)-lactate [2] | 202-598-0 [1] 211-694-1 [2] | 97-64-3 [1] 687-47-8 [2] | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 | H226 H335 H318 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H335 H318 | | | C |
607-130-00-2 | pentyl acetate; [1] isopentyl acetate; [2] 1-methylbutyl acetate; [3] 2-methylbutyl acetat; [4] 2(or 3)-methylbutyl acetate [5] | 211-047-3 [1] 204-662-3 [2] 210-946-8 [3] 210-843-8 [4] 282-263-3 [5] | 628-63-7 [1] 123-92-2 [2] 626-38-0 [3] 624-41-9 [4] 84145-37-9 [5] | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Wng | H226 | EUH066 | | C |
607-131-00-8 | isopentyl propionate; [1] pentyl propionate; [2] 2-methylbutyl propionate [3] | 203-322-1 [1] 210-852-7 [2] 219-449-0 [3] | 105-68-0 [1] 624-54-4 [2] 2438-20-2 [3] | Flam. Liq. 3 | H226 | GHS02 Wng | H226 | | | C |
607-132-00-3 | 2-dimethylaminoethyl methacrylate | 220-688-8 | 2867-47-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H312 H302 H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
607-133-00-9 | monoalkyl or monoaryl or monoalkylaryl esters of acrylic acid with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H335 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H411 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | A |
607-134-00-4 | monoalkyl or monoaryl or monoalkyaryl esters of methacrylic acid with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | A |
607-135-00-X | butyric acid | 203-532-3 | 107-92-6 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
607-136-00-5 | butyryl chloride | 205-498-5 | 141-75-3 | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H314 | | | |
607-137-00-0 | methyl acetoacetate | 203-299-8 | 105-45-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
607-138-00-6 | butyl chloroformate; chloroformic acid butyl ester | 209-750-5 | 592-34-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H331 H314 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H331 H314 | | | |
607-139-00-1 | 2-chloropropionic acid | 209-952-3 | 598-78-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 | | | |
607-140-00-7 | isobutyryl chloride | 201-194-1 | 79-30-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Corr. 1A | H225 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H314 | | | |
607-141-00-2 | oxydiethylene bis(chloroformate) | 203-430-9 | 106-75-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H315 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H411 | | | |
607-142-00-8 | propyl chloroformate; chloroformic acid propylester; n-propyl chloroformate | 203-687-7 | 109-61-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H331 H314 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H331 H314 | | | |
607-143-00-3 | valeric acid | 203-677-2 | 109-52-4 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 H412 | | | |
607-144-00-9 | adipic acid | 204-673-3 | 124-04-9 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
607-145-00-4 | methanesulphonic acid | 200-898-6 | 75-75-2 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
607-146-00-X | fumaric acid | 203-743-0 | 110-17-8 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
607-147-00-5 | oxalic acid diethylester; diethyl oxalate | 202-464-1 | 95-92-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
607-148-00-0 | guanidinium chloride; guanadine hydrochloride | 200-002-3 | 50-01-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H315 | | | |
607-149-00-6 | urethane (INN); ethyl carbamate | 200-123-1 | 51-79-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
607-150-00-1 | endothal (ISO); 7-oxabicyclo(2,2,1)heptane-2,3-dicarboxylic acid | 205-660-5 | 145-73-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H301 H312 H319 H335 H315 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
607-151-00-7 | propargite (ISO); 2-(4-tert-butylphenoxy) cyclohexyl prop-2-ynyl sulphite | 219-006-1 | 2312-35-8 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H331 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H331 H315 H318 H410 | | M = 10 | |
607-152-00-2 | 2,3,6-TBA (ISO); 2,3,6-trichlorobenzoic acid | 200-026-4 | 50-31-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-153-00-8 | benazolin (ISO); 4-chloro-2,3-dihydro-2-oxo-1,3-benzothiazol-3-ylacetic acid | 223-297-0 | 3813-05-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H412 | | | |
607-154-00-3 | ethyl N-benzoyl-N-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-DL-alaninate; benzoylprop-ethyl (ISO) | 244-845-5 | 22212-55-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
607-155-00-9 | 3-(3-amino-5-(1-methylguanidino)-1-oxopentylamino-6-(4-amino-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-pyrimidin-1-yl)-2,3-dihydro-(6H)-pyran-2-carboxylic acid; blasticidin-s | — | 2079-00-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * | H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 | | | |
607-156-00-4 | chlorfenson (ISO); 4-chlorophenyl 4-chlorobenzenesulfonate | 201-270-4 | 80-33-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H315 H410 | | | |
607-157-00-X | 3-(3-biphenyl-4-yl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl)-4-hydroxycoumarin; difenacoum | 259-978-4 | 56073-07-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H372 ** H410 | | | |
607-158-00-5 | sodium salt of chloroacetic acid; sodium chloroacetate | 223-498-3 | 3926-62-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H315 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H315 H400 | | | |
607-159-00-0 | chlorobenzilate (ISO); ethyl 2,2-di(4-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxyacetate; ethyl 4,4'-dichlorobenzilate | 208-110-2 | 510-15-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
607-160-00-6 | isobutyl 2-(4-(4-chlorophenoxy)phenoxy)propionate; clofop-isobutyl (ISO) | — | 51337-71-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-161-00-1 | diethanolamine salt of 4-CPA | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-162-00-7 | 2,2-dichloropropionic acid; dalapon | 200-923-0 | 75-99-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H315 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H412 | | | |
607-163-00-2 | 3-acetyl-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2,4(3H)-dione; dehydracetic acid | 208-293-9 | 520-45-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-164-00-8 | sodium 1-(3,4-dihydro-6-methyl-2,4-dioxo-2H-pyran-3-ylidene)ethonolate; sodium dehydracetate | 224-580-1 | 4418-26-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-165-00-3 | diclofop-methyl (ISO) methyl 2-(4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenoxy)propionate; methyl (RS)-2-[4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenoxy]propionate; | 257-141-8 | 51338-27-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
607-166-00-9 | medinoterb acetate (ISO); 6-tert-butyl-3-methyl-2,4-dinitrophenyl acetate | 219-634-6 | 2487-01-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H301 H312 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 | | | |
607-167-00-4 | sodium 3-chloroacrylate | — | 4312-97-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
607-168-00-X | dipropyl 6,7-methylenedioxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-methylnaphthalene-1,2-dicarboxylate; propylisome | — | 83-59-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H302 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H302 H410 | | | |
607-169-00-5 | sodium fluoroacetate | 200-548-2 | 62-74-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H400 | | | |
607-170-00-0 | bis(1,2,3-trithiacyclohexyldimethylammonium) oxalate; thiocyclam-oxalate | 250-859-2 | 31895-22-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
607-172-00-1 | 4-hydroxy-3-(3-(4'-bromo-4-biphenylyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl)coumarin; brodifacoum | 259-980-5 | 56073-10-0 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H372 ** H410 | | | |
607-173-00-7 | dimethyl (3-methyl-4-(5-nitro-3-ethoxycarbonyl-2-thienyl)azo)phenylnitrilodipropionate | 400-460-6 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
607-174-00-2 | reaction mass of dodecyl 3-(2,2,4,4-tetramethyl-21-oxo-7-oxa-3,20-diazadispiro(5,1,11,2)henicosan-20-yl)propionate and tetradecyl 3-(2,2,4,4-tetramethyl-21-oxo-7-oxa-3,20-diazadispiro(5,1,11,2)henicosan-20-yl)propionate | 400-580-9 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
607-175-00-8 | methyl 2-(2-nitrobenzylidene)acetoacetate | 400-650-9 | 39562-27-1 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-176-00-3 | reaction mass of α-3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyl-ω-hydroxypoly(oxyethylene) and α-3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyl-ω-3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyloxypoly(oxyethylene) | 400-830-7 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-177-00-9 | methyl 2-(3-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)3-methylureidosulphonyl)benzoate | 401-190-1 | 101200-48-0 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-178-00-4 | methyl α-((4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)ureidosulphonyl)-o-toluate | 401-340-6 | 83055-99-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-179-00-X | (benzothiazol-2-ylthio)succinic acid | 401-450-4 | 95154-01-1 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-180-00-5 | potassium 2-hydroxycarbazole-1-carboxylate | 401-630-2 | 96566-70-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H319 H335 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H412 | | | |
607-181-00-0 | 3,5-dichloro-2,4-difluorobenzoyl fluoride | 401-800-6 | 101513-70-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H331 H314 H302 H317 H412 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H314 H302 H317 H412 | EUH029 | | |
607-182-00-6 | methyl 3-sulphamoyl-2-thenoate | 402-050-2 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-183-00-1 | zinc 2-hydroxy-5-C13-18alkylbenzoate | 402-280-3 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H411 | | | |
607-184-00-7 | S-(3-trimethoxysilyl)propyl 19-isocyanato-11-(6-isocyanatohexyl)-10,12-dioxo-2,9,11,13-tetraazanonadecanethioate | 402-290-8 | 85702-90-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H334 H317 | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H226 H334 H317 | | | |
607-185-00-2 | ethyl trans-3-dimethylaminoacrylate | 402-650-4 | 1117-37-9 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-186-00-8 | quinclorac (ISO); 3,7-dichloroquinoline-8-carboxylic acid | 402-780-1 | 84087-01-4 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-187-00-3 | bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidyl) succinate | 402-940-0 | 62782-03-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H412 | | | |
607-188-00-9 | hydrogen sodium N-carboxylatoethyl-N-octadec-9-enylmaleamate | 402-970-4 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-189-00-4 | trimethylenediaminetetraacetic acid | 400-400-9 | 1939-36-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H410 | | | |
607-190-00-X | methyl acrylamidomethoxyacetate (containing ≥ 0,1 % acrylamid) | 401-890-7 | 77402-03-0 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H350 H340 H302 H319 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H340 H302 H319 | | | |
607-191-00-5 | isobutyl 3,4-epoxybutyrate | 401-920-9 | 100181-71-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
607-192-00-0 | disodium N-carboxymethyl-N-(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl)glycinate | 402-360-8 | 92511-22-3 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-194-00-1 | propylene carbonate | 203-572-1 | 108-32-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
607-195-00-7 | 2-methoxy-1-methylethyl acetate | 203-603-9 | 108-65-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 | H226 H319 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H319 | | | |
607-196-00-2 | heptanoic acid | 203-838-7 | 111-14-8 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
607-197-00-8 | nonanoic acid | 203-931-2 | 112-05-0 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
607-198-00-3 | propyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate | 204-498-2 | 121-79-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
607-199-00-9 | octyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate | 213-853-0 | 1034-01-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
607-200-00-2 | dodecyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate | 214-620-6 | 1166-52-5 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-201-00-8 | thiocarbonyl chloride | 207-341-6 | 463-71-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H331 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
607-203-00-9 | 2-ethylhexyl[[[3,5-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]methyl]thio]acetate | 279-452-8 | 80387-97-9 | Repr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H360D *** H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H360D *** H317 H412 | | | |
607-204-00-4 | (chlorophenyl)(chlorotolyl)methane, mixed isomers | 400-140-6 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-205-00-X | methyl chloroacetate | 202-501-1 | 96-34-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H226 H331 H301 H335 H315 H318 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H331 H301 H335 H315 H318 | | | |
607-206-00-5 | isopropyl chloroacetate | 203-301-7 | 105-48-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H226 H301 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H226 H301 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
607-207-00-0 | haloxyfop-etotyl (ISO); 2-ethoxyethyl 2-(4-(3-chloro-5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy)propionate; haloxyfop-(2-ethoxyethyl) | 402-560-5 | 87237-48-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
607-208-00-6 | 4,8,12-trimethyltrideca-3,7,11-trienoic acid, mixed isomers | 403-000-2 | 91853-67-7 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H410 | | | |
607-209-00-1 | reaction mass of O,O'-diisopropyl (pentathio)dithioformate and O,O'-diisopropyl (trithio)dithioformate and O,O'-diisopropyl (tetrathio)dithioformate | 403-030-6 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
607-210-00-7 | methyl acrylamidoglycolate (containing ≥ 0,1 % acrylamide) | 403-230-3 | 77402-05-2 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H350 H340 H314 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H340 H314 H317 | | | |
607-211-00-2 | methyl 3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl)propionate | 403-270-1 | 6386-39-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-212-00-8 | poly(oxypropylenecarbonyl-co-oxy(ethylethylene)carbonyl), containing 27 % hydroxyvalerate | 403-300-3 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-213-00-3 | ethyl 3,3-bis(tert-pentylperoxy)butyrate | 403-320-2 | 67567-23-1 | Org. Perox. D **** Flam. Liq. 3 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H242 H226 H411 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H226 H411 | | | |
607-214-00-9 | N,N-hydrazinodiacetic acid | 403-510-5 | 19247-05-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H301 H373 ** H317 H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H301 H373 ** H317 H412 | | | |
607-215-00-4 | 3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionic acid | 403-920-4 | 107551-67-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
607-216-00-X | glutamic acid, reaction products with N-(C12-14alkyl)propylenediamine | 403-950-8 | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H302 H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H302 H314 H410 | | | |
607-217-00-5 | 2-ethoxyethyl 2-(4-(2,6-dihydro-2,6-dioxo-7-phenyl-1,5-dioxaindacen-3-yl)phenoxy)acetate | 403-960-2 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
607-218-00-0 | dichlorprop-P (ISO); (+)-R-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)propionic acid | 403-980-1 | 15165-67-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-219-00-6 | bis(2-ethylhexyl) dithiodiacetate | 404-510-8 | 62268-47-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H411 | | | |
607-221-00-7 | 6-docosyloxy-1-hydroxy-4-(1-(4-hydroxy-3-methylphenanthren-1-yl)-3-oxo-2-oxaphenalen-1-yl)naphthalene-2-carboxylic acid | 404-550-6 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
607-222-00-2 | 6-(2,3-dimethylmaleimido)hexyl methacrylate | 404-870-6 | 63740-41-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-223-00-8 | transfluthrin (ISO); 2,3,5,6-tetrafluorobenzyl trans-2-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-3,3-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 405-060-5 | 118712-89-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H410 | | | |
607-224-00-3 | methyl 2-(3-nitrobenzylidene)acetoacetate | 405-270-7 | 39562-17-9 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
607-225-00-9 | 3-azidosulfonylbenzoic acid | 405-310-3 | 15980-11-7 | Self-React. C **** STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H241 H373 ** H318 H317 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H241 H373 ** H318 H317 | | | |
607-226-00-4 | reaction mass of 2-acryloyloxyethyl hydrogen cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate and 2-methacryloyloxyethyl hydrogen cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate | 405-360-6 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-227-00-X | potassium 2-amino-2-methylpropionate octahydrate | 405-560-3 | 120447-91-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 | | | |
607-228-00-5 | bis(2-methoxyethyl) phthalate | 204-212-6 | 117-82-8 | Repr. 1B | H360Df | GHS08 Dgr | H360Df | | | |
607-229-00-0 | diethylcarbamoyl chloride | 201-798-5 | 88-10-8 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H351 H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
607-230-00-6 | 2-ethylhexanoic acid | 205-743-6 | 149-57-5 | Repr. 2 | H361d *** | GHS08 Wng | H361d *** | | | |
607-231-00-1 | 3,6-dichloropyridine-2-carboxylic acid; clopyralid | 216-935-4 | 1702-17-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
607-232-00-7 | pyridate (ISO); O-(6-chloro-3-phenylpyridazin-4-yl) S-octyl thiocarbonate | 259-686-7 | 55512-33-9 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
607-233-00-2 | hexyl acrylate | 219-698-5 | 2499-95-8 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H335 H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H317 H411 | | | |
607-234-00-8 | flurenol (ISO); 9-hydroxy-9H-fluorene-9-carboxylic acid | 207-397-1 | 467-69-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-235-00-3 | mecrilate; methyl 2-cyanoacrylate | 205-275-2 | 137-05-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-236-00-9 | ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate | 230-391-5 | 7085-85-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-237-00-4 | benzyl 2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)thiazole-5-carboxylate; flurazole | 276-942-3 | 72850-64-7 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-238-00-X | tau-fluvalinate (ISO); cyano-(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl N-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-D-valinate | — | 102851-06-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H315 H410 | | | |
607-239-00-5 | fenpropathrin (ISO); α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 254-485-0 | 39515-41-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H301 H312 H410 | | | |
607-240-00-0 | cis-1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [1] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [2] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3-methylphthalic anhydride; [3] tetrahydromethylphthalic anhydride; [4] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydromethylphthalic anhydride; [5] tetrahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [6] 2,3,5,6-tetrahydro-2-methylphthalic anhydride [7] | 216-906-6 [1] 222-323-8 [2] 226-247-6 [3] 234-290-7 [4] 247-830-1 [5] 251-823-9 [6] 255-853-3 [7] | 1694-82-2 [1] 3425-89-6 [2] 5333-84-6 [3] 11070-44-3 [4] 26590-20-5 [5] 34090-76-1 [6] 42498-58-8 [7] | Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H318 H334 H317 | | | C |
607-241-00-6 | hexahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [1] hexahydromethylphthalic anhydride; [2] hexahydro-1-methylphthalic anhydride; [3] hexahydro-3-methylphthalic anhydride [4] | 243-072-0 [1] 247-094-1 [2] 256-356-4 [3] 260-566-1 [4] | 19438-60-9 [1] 25550-51-0 [2] 48122-14-1 [3] 57110-29-9 [4] | Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H318 H334 H317 | | | C |
607-242-00-1 | tetrachlorophthalic anhydride | 204-171-4 | 117-08-8 | Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H334 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H334 H317 H410 | | | |
607-243-00-7 | sodium 3,6-dichloro-o-anisate; [1] 3,6-dichloro-o-anisic acid, compound with 2,2'-iminodiethanol (1:1); [2] 3,6-dichloro-o-anisic acid, compound with 2-aminoethanol (1:1) [3] | 217-846-3 [1] 246-590-5 [2] 258-527-9 [3] | 1982-69-0 [1] 25059-78-3 [2] 53404-28-7 [3] | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-244-00-2 | isooctyl acrylate | 249-707-8 | 29590-42-9 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-245-00-8 | tert-butyl acrylate | 216-768-7 | 1663-39-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H332 H312 H302 H335 H315 H317 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H335 H315 H317 H412 | | | D |
607-246-00-3 | allyl methacrylate; 2-methyl-2-propenoic acid 2-propenyl ester | 202-473-0 | 96-05-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H226 H331 H312 H302 H400 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H331 H312 H302 H400 | | | |
607-247-00-9 | dodecyl methacrylate | 205-570-6 | 142-90-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-248-00-4 | naptalam-sodium (ISO); sodium N-naphth-1-ylphthalamate | 205-073-4 | 132-67-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-249-00-X | (1-methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)bis[oxy(methyl-2,1-ethanediyl)] diacrylate | 256-032-2 | 42978-66-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H335 H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H317 H411 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-250-00-5 | 4H-3,1-benzoxazine-2,4(1H)-dione | 204-255-0 | 118-48-9 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | |
607-251-00-0 | 2-methoxypropyl acetate | 274-724-2 | 70657-70-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 Repr. 1B STOT SE 3 | H226 H360D *** H335 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H360D *** H335 | | | |
607-252-00-6 | lambda-cyhalothrin (ISO); reaction mass of (S)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl(Z)-(1R)-cis-3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoropropenyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate and (R)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (Z)-(1S)-cis-3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoropropenyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (1:1) | 415-130-7 | 91465-08-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H301 H312 H410 | | | |
607-253-00-1 | α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate; cyfluthrin | 269-855-7 | 68359-37-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H300 H331 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H300 H331 H410 | | | |
607-254-00-7 | α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate; beta-cyfluthrin | 269-855-7 | 68359-37-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H410 | | | |
607-255-00-2 | fluroxypyr (ISO); 4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridyloxyacetic acid | — | 69377-81-7 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-256-00-8 | azoxystrobin (ISO); methyl (E)-2-{2-[6-(2-cyanophenoxy)pyrimidin-4-yloxy]phenyl}-3-methoxyacrylate | — | 131860-33-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H410 | | | |
607-257-00-3 | isopropyl propionate | 211-300-8 | 637-78-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | |
607-258-00-9 | dodecyl 3-(2-(3-benzyl-4-ethoxy-2,5-dioxoimidazolidin-1-yl)-3-(4-methoxybenzoyl)acetamido)-4-chlorobenzoate | 403-990-6 | 70950-45-7 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-259-00-4 | methyl 2R,3S-(-)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)oxiranecarboxylate | 404-130-2 | 105560-93-8 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-260-00-X | ethyl 2-(3-nitrobenzylidene)acetoacetate | 404-490-0 | 39562-16-8 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-261-00-5 | iso(C10-C14)alkyl (3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)methylthioacetate | 404-800-4 | 118832-72-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-262-00-0 | 7-chloro-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid | 405-050-0 | 86393-33-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
607-263-00-6 | potassium iron(III) 1,3-propanediamine-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetate hemihydrate | 405-680-6 | — | Self-heat. 2 **** Aquatic Chronic 2 | H252 H411 | GHS02 GHS09 Wng | H252 H411 | | | |
607-264-00-1 | 2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)benzoic acid | 406-520-8 | 53250-83-2 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-265-00-7 | ethyl-2-chloro-2,2-diphenylacetate | 406-580-5 | 52460-86-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H412 | | | |
607-266-00-2 | reaction mass of: hydroxyaluminium bis[2-hydroxy-3,5-di-tert-butylbenzoate]; 3,5-di-tert-butyl-salicylic acid | 406-890-0 | 130296-87-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
607-267-00-8 | tert-butyl (5S,6R,7R)-3-bromomethyl-5,8-dioxo-7-(2-(2-phenylacetamido)-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0] oct-2-ene-2-carboxylate | 407-620-4 | 33610-13-8 | Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H334 H317 H412 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 H317 H412 | | | |
607-268-00-3 | 2-methylpropyl (R)-2-hydroxypropanoate | 407-770-0 | 61597-96-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
607-269-00-9 | (R)-2-(4-hydroxyphenoxy)propanoic acid | 407-960-3 | 94050-90-5 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-270-00-4 | 3,9-bis(2-(3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl)propionyloxy-1,1-dimethylethyl)-2,4,8,10- tetraoxaspiro[5.5]undecane | 410-730-5 | 90498-90-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 | GHS07 Wng | H312 | | | |
607-271-00-X | 2-isopropyl-5-methylcyclohexyloxycarbonyloxy-2-hydroxypropane | 417-420-9 | 156324-82-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H411 | | | |
607-272-00-5 | fluroxypyr-meptyl (ISO); methylheptyl, O-(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridyloxy) acetate; [1] fluroxypyr-butometyl (ISO); 2-butoxy-1-methylethyl, O-(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridyloxy) acetate [2] | 279-752-9 [1] - [2] | 81406-37-3 [1] 154486-27-8 [2] | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-273-00-0 | ammonium 7-(2,6-dimethyl-8-(2,2-dimethylbutyryloxy)-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydro-1-naphthyl)-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoate | 404-520-2 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-274-00-6 | 2-(N-benzyl-N-methylamino)ethyl 3-amino-2-butenoate | 405-350-1 | 54527-73-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-275-00-1 | sodium benzoyloxybenzene-4-sulfonate | 405-450-5 | 66531-87-1 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-276-00-7 | bis[(1-methylimidazol)-(2-ethyl-hexanoate)], zinc complex | 405-635-0 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H410 | | | |
607-277-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2-(hexylthio)ethylamine hydrochloride; sodium propionate | 405-720-2 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
607-278-00-8 | reaction mass of isomers of: sodium phenethylnaphthalenesulfonate; sodium naphthylethylbenzenesulfonate | 405-760-0 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-279-00-3 | reaction mass of n-octadecylaminodiethyl bis(hydrogen maleate); n-octadecylaminodiethyl hydrogen maleate hydrogenphthalate | 405-960-8 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-280-00-9 | sodium 4-chloro-1-hydroxybutane-1-sulfonate | 406-190-5 | 54322-20-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H317 | | | |
607-281-00-4 | reaction mass of branched and linear C7-C9 alkyl 3-[3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]propionates | 407-000-3 | 127519-17-9 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-282-00-X | 2-acetoxymethyl-4-benzyloxybut-1-yl acetate | 407-140-5 | 131266-10-9 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-283-00-5 | E-ethyl-4-oxo-4-phenylcrotonate | 408-040-4 | 15121-89-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H315 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
607-284-00-0 | reaction mass of: sodium 3,3'-(1,4-phenylenebis(carbonylimino-3,1-propanediylimino))bis(10-amino-6,13-dichloro-4,11-triphenodioxazinedisulfonate); lithium 3,3'-(1,4-phenylenebis-(carbonylimino-3,1-propanediyl-imino))bis(10-amino-6,13-dichloro)-4,11-triphenodioxazinedisulfonate (9:1) | 410-040-4 | 136213-76-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-285-00-6 | reaction mass of: 7-(((3-aminophenyl)sulfonyl)amino)-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid; sodium 7-(((3-aminophenyl)sulfonyl)amino)-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate; potassium 7-(((3-aminophenyl)sulfonyl)amino)-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate | 410-065-0 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | | | | |
607-286-00-1 | reaction mass of: sodium/potassium 7-[[[3-[[4-((2-hydroxy-naphthyl)azo)phenyl]azo]phenyl]sulfonyl]amino]-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate | 410-070-8 | 141880-36-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
607-287-00-7 | O'-methyl O-(1-methyl-2-methacryloyloxy-ethyl)-1,2,3,6-tetrahydrophthalate | 410-140-8 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-288-00-2 | tetrasodium (c-(3-(1-(3-(e-6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-f-yl(methyl)amino)propyl)-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxo-3-pyridylazo)-4-sulfonatophenylsulfamoyl)phthalocyanine-a,b,d-trisulfonato(6-))nickelato II, where a is 1 or 2 or 3 or 4,b is 8 or 9 or 10 or 11,c is 15 or 16 or 17 or 18, d is 22 or 23 or 24 or 25 and where e and f together are 2 and 4 or 4 and 2 respectively | 410-160-7 | 148732-74-5 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 H412 | | | |
607-289-00-8 | 3-(3-(4-(2,4-bis(1,1-dimethylpropyl)phenoxy)butylaminocarbonyl-4-hydroxy-1-naphthalenyl)thio)propanoic acid | 410-370-9 | 105488-33-3 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-290-00-3 | reaction mass (ratio not known) of: ammonium 1-C14-C18-alkyloxycarbonyl-2-(3-allyloxy-2-hydroxypropoxycarbonyl)ethane-1-sulfonate; ammonium 2-C14-C18-alkyloxycarbonyl-1-(3-allyloxy-2-hydroxypropoxycarbonyl)ethane-1-sulfonate | 410-540-2 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
607-291-00-9 | dodecyl-ω-(C5/C6-cycloalkyl)alkyl carboxylate | 410-630-1 | 104051-92-5 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-292-00-4 | reaction mass of: [1-(methoxymethyl)-2-(C12-alkoxy)-ethoxy]acetic acid; [1-(methoxymethyl)-2-(C14-alkoxy)-ethoxy]acetic acid | 410-640-6 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H410 | | | |
607-293-00-X | reaction mass of: N-aminoethylpiperazonium mono-2,4,6-trimethylnonyldiphenyl ether di-sulfonate; N-aminoethylpiperazonium di-2,4,6-trimethylnonyldiphenyl ether di-sulfonate | 410-650-0 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
607-294-00-5 | sodium 2-benzoyloxy-1-hydroxyethane-sulfonate | 410-680-4 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-295-00-0 | reaction mass of: tetrasodium phosphonoethane-1,2-dicarboxylate; hexasodium phosphonobutane-1,2,3,4-tetracarboxylate | 410-800-5 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-296-00-6 | reaction mass of: pentaerythriol tetraesters with heptanoic acid and 2-ethylhexanoic acid | 410-830-9 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-297-00-1 | (E-E )-3,3'-(1,4-phenylenedimethylidene)bis(2-oxobornane-10-sulfonic acid) | 410-960-6 | 92761-26-7 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-298-00-7 | 2-(trimethylammonium)ethoxycarboxybenzene-4-sulfonate | 411-010-3 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-299-00-2 | methyl 3-(acetylthio)-2-methyl-propanoate | 411-040-7 | 97101-46-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
607-300-00-6 | trisodium [2-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)-5-(b-sulfamoyl-c,d-sulfonatophthalocyanin-a-yl-K4,N29,N30,N31,N32-sulfonylamino)benzoato(5-)]cuprate(II) where a=1,2,3,4 b=8,9,10,11 c=15,16,17,18 d=22,23,24,25 | 411-430-7 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
607-301-00-1 | reaction mass of: dodecanoic acid; poly(1-7)lactate esters of dodecanoic acid | 411-860-5 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-302-00-7 | reaction mass of: tetradecanoic acid; poly(1-7)lactate esters of tetradecanoic acid | 411-910-6 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
607-303-00-2 | 1-cyclopropyl-6,7-difluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid | 413-760-7 | 93107-30-3 | Repr. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H361f *** H412 | GHS08 Wng | H361f *** H412 | | | |
607-304-00-8 | fluazifop-butyl (ISO); butyl (RS)-2-[4-(5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy]propionate | 274-125-6 | 69806-50-4 | Repr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360D *** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360D *** H410 | | | |
607-305-00-3 | fluazifop-P-butyl (ISO); butyl (R)-2-[4-(5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy]propionate | — | 79241-46-6 | Repr. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H410 | | | |
607-306-00-9 | chlozolinate (ISO); ethyl (RS)-3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-2,4-dioxo-oxazolidine-5-carboxylate | 282-714-4 | 84332-86-5 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H411 | | | |
607-307-00-4 | vinclozolin (ISO); N-3,5-dichlorophenyl-5-methyl-5-vinyl-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione | 256-599-6 | 50471-44-8 | Carc. 2 Repr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H360FD H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H360FD H317 H411 | | | |
607-308-00-X | esters of 2,4-D | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | A |
607-309-00-5 | carfentrazone-ethyl (ISO); ethyl (RS)-2-chloro-3-[2-chloro-4-fluoro-5-[4-difluoromethyl-4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]phenyl]propionate | — | 128639-02-1 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-310-00-0 | kresoxim-methyl (ISO); methyl (E)-2-methoxyimino-[2-(o-tolyloxymethyl)phenyl]acetate | — | 143390-89-0 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
607-311-00-6 | benazolin-ethyl; ethyl 4-chloro-2-oxo-2H-benzothiazole-3-acetate | 246-591-0 | 25059-80-7 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-312-00-1 | methoxyacetic acid | 210-894-6 | 625-45-6 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H360FD H302 H314 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H360FD H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
607-313-00-7 | neodecanoyl chloride | 254-875-0 | 40292-82-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H330 H302 H314 | GHS06 GHS06 Dgr | H330 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
607-314-00-2 | ethofumesate (ISO); (±)-2-ethoxy-2,3-dihydro-3,3-dimethylbenzofuran-5-yl methanesulfonate | 247-525-3 | 26225-79-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-315-00-8 | glyphosate (ISO); N-(phosphonomethyl)glycine | 213-997-4 | 1071-83-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
607-316-00-3 | glyphosate-trimesium; glyphosate-trimethylsulfonium | — | 81591-81-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-317-00-9 | bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate; di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate; DEHP | 204-211-0 | 117-81-7 | Repr. 1B | H360FD | GHS08 Dgr | H360FD | | | |
607-318-00-4 | dibutyl phthalate; DBP | 201-557-4 | 84-74-2 | Repr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H360Df H400 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H400 | | | |
607-319-00-X | deltamethrin (ISO); (S)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1R, 3R)-3-(2,2-dibromovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 258-256-6 | 52918-63-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H410 | | | |
607-320-00-5 | bis[4-(ethenyloxy)butyl] 1,3-benzenedicarboxylate | 413-930-0 | 130066-57-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
607-321-00-0 | (S)-methyl-2-chloropropionate | 412-470-8 | 73246-45-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H226 H373 ** H319 | GHS02 GHS08 Wng | H226 H373 ** H319 | | | |
607-322-00-6 | 4-(4,4-dimethyl-3-oxo-pyrazolidin-1-yl)-benzoic acid | 413-120-7 | 107144-30-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-323-00-1 | 2-(1-(2-hydroxy-3,5-di-tert-pentyl-phenyl)ethyl)-4,6-di-tert-pentylphenyl acrylate | 413-850-6 | 123968-25-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-324-00-7 | reaction mass of: N,N-di(hydrogenated alkyl C14-C18)phtalamic acid; dihydrogenated alkyl (C14-C18)amine | 413-800-3 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-325-00-2 | (S)-2-chloropropionic acid | 411-150-5 | 29617-66-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | | |
607-326-00-8 | reaction mass of: isobutyl hydrogen 2-(α-2,4,6-trimethylnon-2-enyl)succinate; isobutyl hydrogen 2-(ß-2,4,6-trimetyhylnon-2-enyl)succinate | 410-720-0 | 141847-13-4 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
607-327-00-3 | 2-(2-iodoethyl)-1,3-propanediol diacetate | 411-780-0 | 127047-77-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-328-00-9 | methyl 4-bromomethyl-3-methoxybenzoate | 410-310-1 | 70264-94-7 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
607-329-00-4 | reaction mass of: sodium 2-(C12-18-n-alkyl)amino-1,4-butandioate; sodium 2-octadecenyl-amino-1,4-butandioate | 411-250-9 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-330-00-X | (S)-2,3-dihydro-1H-indole-2-carboxylic acid | 410-860-2 | 79815-20-6 | Repr. 2 STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 | H361f *** H373 ** H317 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H361f *** H373 ** H317 | | | |
607-331-00-5 | reaction mass of: bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-octyloxypiperidin-4-yl)-1,10-decanedioate; 1,8-bis[(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-((2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-octyloxypiperidin-4-yl)-decan-1,10-dioyl)piperidin-1-yl)oxy]octane | 406-750-9 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-332-00-0 | cyclopentyl chloroformate | 411-460-0 | 50715-28-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H331 H302 H373 ** H318 H317 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H226 H331 H302 H373 ** H318 H317 | | | |
607-333-00-6 | reaction mass of: dodecyl N-(2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)-β-alaninate; tetradecyl N-(2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)-β-alaninate | 405-670-1 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H314 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H314 H410 | | | |
607-334-00-1 | ethyl 1-ethyl-6,7,8-trifluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylate | 405-880-3 | 100501-62-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
607-335-00-7 | methyl (R)-2-(4-(3-chloro-5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy)propionate | 406-250-0 | 72619-32-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
607-336-00-2 | 4-methyl-8-methylenetricyclo[3.3.1.13,7]dec-2-yl acetate | 406-560-6 | 122760-85-4 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H411 | | | |
607-337-00-8 | di-tert-(C12-14)-alkylammonium 2-benzothiazolylthiosuccinate | 406-052-4 | 125078-60-6 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H302 H315 H318 H411 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H302 H315 H318 H411 | | | |
607-338-00-3 | 2-methylpropyl 2-hydroxy-2-methylbut-3-enoate | 406-235-9 | 72531-53-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 | | | |
607-339-00-9 | 2,3,4,5-tetrachlorobenzoylchloride | 406-760-3 | 42221-52-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 | | | |
607-340-00-4 | 1,3-bis(4-benzoyl-3-hydroxyphenoxy)prop-2-yl acetate | 406-990-4 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-341-00-X | (9S)-9-amino-9-deoxyerythromycin | 406-790-7 | 26116-56-3 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
607-342-00-5 | 4-chlorobutyl veratrate | 410-950-1 | 69788-75-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-343-00-0 | 4,7-methanooctahydro-1H-indene-diyldimethyl bis(2-carboxybenzoate) | 407-410-2 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-344-00-6 | reaction mass of: 3-(N-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-(C4-8)perfluoroalkylsulfonamido)propionic acid; N-[dimethyl-3-(C4-8-perfluoroalkylsulfonamido)propylammonium propionate; 3-(N-(3-dimethyl-propylammonium)-(C4-8)perfluoroalkylsulfonamido)propionic acid propionate | 407-810-7 | — | STOT RE 2 * | H373 ** | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** | | | |
607-345-00-1 | potassium 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)-(R)-propionate | 413-580-9 | 113963-87-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-346-00-7 | 3-icosyl-4-henicosylidene-2-oxetanone | 401-210-9 | 83708-14-9 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-347-00-2 | sodium (R)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)propionate | 413-340-3 | 119299-10-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-348-00-8 | magnesium bis((R)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)propionate) | 413-360-2 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-349-00-3 | mono-(tetrapropylammonium) hydrogen 2,2'-dithiobisbenzoate | 411-270-8 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | | H412 | | | |
607-350-00-9 | bis(4-(1,2-bis(ethoxycarbonyl)ethylamino)-3-methylcyclohexyl)methane | 412-060-9 | 136210-32-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
607-351-00-4 | methyl O-(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoropyridin-2-yloxy)acetate | 407-550-4 | 69184-17-4 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-352-00-X | 4,4'-oxydiphthalic anhydride | 412-830-4 | 1823-59-2 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-353-00-5 | reaction mass of: ethyl exo-tricyclo[5.2.1.02,6]decane-endo-2-carboxylate; ethyl endo-tricyclo[5.2.1.02,6]decane-exo-2-carboxylate | 407-520-0 | 80657-64-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
607-354-00-0 | ethyl 2-cyclohexylpropionate | 412-280-5 | 2511-00-4 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-355-00-6 | p-tolyl 4-chlorobenzoate | 411-530-0 | 15024-10-9 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
607-356-00-1 | ethyl trans-2,2,6-trimethylcyclohexanecarboxylate | 412-540-8 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
607-357-00-7 | reaction mass of: trans-4-acetoxy-4-methyl-2-propyl-tetrahydro-2H-pyran; cis-4-acetoxy-4-methyl-2-propyl-tetrahydro-2H-pyran | 412-450-9 | 131766-73-9 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-358-00-2 | (1S,3S,5R,6R)-(4-nitrophenylmethyl)-1-dioxo-6-phenylacetamido-penam-3-carboxylate | 412-670-5 | 54275-93-3 | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | |
607-359-00-8 | (1S,4R,6R,7R)-(4-nitrophenylmethyl)3-methylene-1-oxo-7-phenylacetamido-cepham-4-carboxylateido-penam-3-carboxylate | 412-800-0 | 76109-32-5 | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | |
607-360-00-3 | sodium 3-acetoacetylamino-4-methoxytolyl-6-sulfonate | 411-680-7 | 133167-77-8 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-361-00-9 | methyl (R)-2-(4-hydroxyphenoxy)propionate | 411-950-4 | 96562-58-2 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
607-362-00-4 | reaction mass of: (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(2-(bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)ethoxycarbonylmethyl)hexadec-4-enoate; (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(2-(bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)ethoxycarbonylmethyl)tetradec-4-enoate; (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(3-methoxypropylcarbamoylmethyl)hexadec-4-enoate; (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(3-methoxypropylcarbamoylmethyl)tetradec-4-enoate | 413-500-2 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H411 | | | |
607-363-00-X | methyl-3-methoxyacrylate | 412-900-4 | 5788-17-0 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-364-00-5 | 3-phenyl-7-[4-(tetrahydrofurfuryloxy)phenyl]-1,5-dioxa-s-indacen-2,6-dione | 413-330-9 | 134724-55-3 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | | H413 | | | |
607-365-00-0 | 2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-(Z)-2-methoxyiminoacetyl chloride hydrochloride | 410-620-7 | 119154-86-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 | | | |
607-366-00-6 | 3,5-dimethylbenzoyl chloride | 413-010-9 | 6613-44-1 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H317 | | | |
607-367-00-1 | potassium bis(N-carboxymethyl)-N-methyl-glycinato-(2-)N,O,O,N)-ferrate-(1-) monohydrate | 411-640-9 | 153352-59-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-368-00-7 | 1-(N,N-dimethylcarbamoyl)-3-tert-butyl-5-carbethoxymethylthio-1H-1,2,4-triazole | 411-650-3 | 110895-43-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H410 | | | |
607-369-00-2 | reaction mass of: trans-(2R)-5-acetoxy-1,3-oxathiolane-2-carboxylic acid; cis-(2R)-5-acetoxy-1,3-oxathiolane-2-carboxylic acid | 411-660-8 | 147027-04-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-370-00-8 | 2-[[2-(acetyloxy)-3-(1,1-dimethyl-ethyl)-5-methylphenyl]methyl]-6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-methylphenol | 412-210-3 | 41620-33-1 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-371-00-3 | 3-ethyl 5-methyl 4-(2-chlorophenyl)-1,4-dihydro-2-[2-(1,3-dihydro-1,3-dioxo-(2H)isoindol-2-yl)-ethoxymethyl]-6-methyl-3,5-pyridinedicarboxylate | 413-410-3 | 88150-62-3 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-372-00-9 | ethoxylated bis phenol A di-(norbornene carboxylate) | 412-410-0 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-373-00-4 | (±) tetrahydrofurfuryl (R)-2-[4-(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yloxy)phenyloxy]propionate | 414-200-4 | 119738-06-6 | Muta. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H360Df H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H360Df H302 H373 ** H410 | | | |
607-374-00-X | 5-amino-2,4,6-triiodo-1,3-benzenedicarbonyldichloride | 417-220-1 | 37441-29-5 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-375-00-5 | reaction mass of: cis-4-hydroxy-3-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-(4-(4-trifluoromethylbenzyloxy)phenyl)-1-naphthyl)coumarin; trans-4-hydroxy-3-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-(4-(4-trifluoromethylbenzyloxy)phenyl)-1-naphthyl)coumarin | 421-960-0 | 90035-08-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H372 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H372 ** H410 | | | |
607-376-00-0 | benzyl 2,4-dibromobutanoate | 420-710-8 | 23085-60-1 | Repr. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361f *** H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361f *** H315 H317 H410 | | | |
607-377-00-6 | trans-4-cyclohexyl-L-proline monohydrochloride | 419-160-1 | 90657-55-9 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H361f *** H302 H315 H318 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H361f *** H302 H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-378-00-1 | ammonium (Z)-α-methoxyimino-2-furylacetate | 405-990-1 | 97148-39-5 | Flam. Sol. 2 | H228 | GHS02 Dgr | H228 | | | T |
607-379-00-7 | reaction mass of: 2-[N-(2-hydroxyethyl)stearamido]ethyl stearate; sodium [bis[2-(stearoyloxy)ethyl]amino]methylsulfonate; sodium [bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]methylsulfonate; N,N-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)stearamide | 401-230-8 | | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-380-00-2 | reaction mass of: ammonium-1,2-bis(hexyloxycarbonyl)ethanesulfonate; ammonium-1-hexyloxycarbonyl-2-octyloxycarbonylethanesulfonate; ammonium-2-hexyloxycarbonyl-1-octyloxycarbonylethanesulfonate | 407-320-3 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H315 H318 H412 | | | |
607-381-00-8 | reaction mass of triesters of 2,2-bis(hydroxymethyl)butanol with C7-alkanoic acids and 2-ethylhexanoic acid | 413-710-4 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-382-00-3 | 2-((4-amino-2-nitrophenyl)amino)benzoic acid | 411-260-3 | 117907-43-4 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-383-00-9 | reaction mass of: 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl-hexadecanoate; 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl-octadecanoate | 415-430-8 | 86403-32-9 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H410 | | | |
607-384-00-4 | reaction mass of: esters of C14-C15 branched alcohols with 3,5-di-t-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl propionic acid; C15 branched and linear alkyl 3,5-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxybenzenepropanoate; C13 branched and linear alkyl 3,5-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxybenzenepropanoate | 413-750-2 | 171090-93-0 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-385-00-X | Copolymer of vinyl-alcohol and vinyl acetate partially acetilized with 4-(2-(4-formylphenyl)ethenyl)-1-methylpyridinium methylsulfate | 414-590-6 | 125229-74-5 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-386-00-5 | reaction mass of: tetradecanoic acid (42,5-47,5 %); poly(1-7)lactate esters of tetradecanoic acid (52,5-57,5 %) | 412-580-6 | 174591-51-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
607-387-00-0 | reaction mass of: dodecanoic acid (35-40 %); poly(1-7)lactate esters of dodecanoic acid (60-65 %) | 412-590-0 | 58856-63-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
607-388-00-6 | 4-ethylamino-3-nitrobenzoic acid | 412-090-2 | 2788-74-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 H412 | | | |
607-389-00-1 | trisodium N,N-bis(carboxymethyl)-3-amino-2-hydroxypropionate | 414-130-4 | 119710-96-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
607-390-00-7 | 1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-6-nitro-quinoxaline | 414-270-6 | 41959-35-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
607-391-00-2 | dimethylcyclopropane-1,1-dicarboxylate | 414-240-2 | 6914-71-2 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-392-00-8 | 2-phenoxyethyl 4-((5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-1,4-dimethyl-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)azo)benzoate | 414-260-1 | 88938-37-8 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-393-00-3 | 3-(cis-1-propenyl)-7-amino-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid | 415-750-8 | 106447-44-3 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-394-00-9 | 5-methylpyrazine-2-carboxylic acid | 413-260-9 | 5521-55-1 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-395-00-4 | reaction mass of: sodium 1-tridecyl-4-allyl-(2 or 3)-sulfobutanedioate; sodium 1-dodecyl-4-allyl-(2 or 3)-sulfobutanedioate | 410-230-7 | — | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H411 | | | |
607-396-00-X | bis(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidinyl) 2-(4-methoxybenzylidene)malonate | 414-840-4 | 147783-69-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-397-00-5 | reaction mass of: Ca salicylates (branched C10-14 and C18-30 alkylated); Ca phenates (branched C10-14 and C18-30 alkylated); Ca sulfurized phenates (branched C10-14 and C18-30 alkylated) | 415-930-6 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-398-00-0 | ethyl N-(5-chloro-3-(4-(diethylamino)-2-methylphenylimino)-4-methyl-6-oxo-1,4-cyclohexadienyl)carbamate | 414-820-5 | 125630-94-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-399-00-6 | 2,2-dimethyl 3-methyl-3-butenyl propanoate | 415-610-6 | 104468-21-5 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H412 | | | |
607-400-00-X | methyl 3-[[(dibutylamino)thioxomethyl]thio]propanoate | 414-400-1 | 32750-89-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-401-00-5 | ethyl 3-hydroxy-5-oxo-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxylate | 414-450-4 | 88805-65-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-402-00-0 | methyl N-(phenoxycarbonyl)-L-valinate | 414-500-5 | 153441-77-1 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-403-00-6 | reaction mass of: bis(1S,2S,4S)-(1-benzyl-4-tert-butoxycarboxamido-2-hydroxy-5-phenyl)pentylammonium succinate; isopropyl alcohol | 414-810-0 | — | STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H318 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H373 ** H318 H410 | | | |
607-404-00-1 | reaction mass of: ((Z)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl)oxycarbonylpropanoic acid; di-((E)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl) butandioate; di-((Z)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl) butandioate; (Z)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl butandioate; ((E)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl)oxycarbonylpropanoic acid | 415-190-4 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-405-00-7 | 2-hexyldecyl-p-hydroxybenzoate | 415-380-7 | 148348-12-3 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-406-00-2 | potassium 2,5-dichlorobenzoate | 415-700-5 | 184637-62-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 | | | |
607-407-00-8 | ethyl 2-carboxy-3-(2-thienyl)propionate | 415-680-8 | 143468-96-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 | | | |
607-408-00-3 | potassium N-(4-fluorophenyl)glycinate | 415-710-1 | 184637-63-6 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H373 ** H318 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H373 ** H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-409-00-9 | reaction mass of: (3R)-[1S-(1α, 2α, 6β-((2S)-2-methyl-1-oxo-butoxy)-8aγ)hexahydro-2,6-dimethyl-1-naphthalene]-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoic acid; inert biomass from Aspergillus terreus | 415-840-7 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
607-410-00-4 | mono[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]monohydrogen-2-(hexadec-2-enyl)butanedioate and/or mono[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]monohydrogen-3-(hexadec-2-enyl)butanedioate | 415-880-5 | 779343-34-9 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
607-411-00-X | oxiranemethanol, 4-methylbenzene-sulfonate, (S)- | 417-210-7 | 70987-78-9 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H341 H318 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
607-412-00-5 | ethyl 2-(1-cyanocyclohexyl)acetate | 415-970-4 | 133481-10-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H373 ** H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H302 H373 ** H412 | | | |
607-413-00-0 | trans-4-phenyl-L-proline | 416-020-1 | 96314-26-0 | Repr. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H361f *** H317 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H361f *** H317 | | | |
607-414-00-6 | tris(2-ethylhexyl)-4,4',4''-(1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6-triyltriimino)tribenzoate | 402-070-1 | 88122-99-0 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-415-00-1 | poly-(methyl methacrylate)-co-(butylmethacrylate)-co-(4-acryloxybutyl-isopropenyl-α,α-dimethylbenzyl carbamate)-co-(maleicanhydride) | 419-590-1 | — | Flam. Sol. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H228 H317 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H228 H317 | | | T |
607-416-00-7 | 4-(2-carboxymethylthio)ethoxy-1-hydroxy-5-isobutyloxycarbonylamino-N-(3-dodecyloxypropyl)-2-naphthamide | 420-730-7 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-418-00-8 | 2-ethylhexyl 4-aminobenzoate | 420-170-3 | 26218-04-2 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-419-00-3 | (3'-carboxymethyl-5-(2-(3-ethyl-3H-benzothiazol-2-ylidene)-1-methyl-ethylidene)-4,4'-dioxo-2'-thioxo-(2,5')bithiazolidinyliden-3-yl)-acetic acid | 422-240-9 | 166596-68-5 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
607-420-00-9 | 2,2-bis(hydroxymethyl)butanoic acid | 424-090-1 | 10097-02-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
607-421-00-4 | cypermethrin cis/trans +/- 40/60; (RS)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 257-842-9 | 52315-07-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H335 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H335 H410 | | | |
607-422-00-X | α-cypermethrin | 257-842-9 | 67375-30-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H373 ** H335 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H373 ** H335 H410 | | | |
607-423-00-5 | esters of mecoprop and of mecoprop-P | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | A |
607-424-00-0 | trifloxystrobin (ISO); (E,E)-α-methoxyimino-{2-[[[[1-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethylidene]amino]oxy]methyl]benzeneacetic acid methyl ester | — | 141517-21-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
607-425-00-6 | metalaxyl (ISO); methyl-N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)-DL-alaninate | 260-979-7 | 57837-19-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 H412 | | | |
607-426-00-1 | 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid, dipentylester, branched and linear; [1] n-pentyl-isopentylphthalate; [2] di-n-pentyl phthalate; [3] diisopentylphthalate [4] | 284-032-2 [1] - [2] 205-017-9 [3] 210-088-4 [4] | 84777-06-0 [1] - [2] 131-18-0 [3] 605-50-5 [4] | Repr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H360FD H400 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360FD H400 | | | |
607-427-00-7 | bromoxynil heptanoate (ISO); 2,6-dibromo-4-cyanophenyl heptanoate | 260-300-4 | 56634-95-8 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H332 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H332 H302 H317 H410 | | | |
607-430-00-3 | BBP; benzyl butyl phthalate e | 201-622-7 | 85-68-7 | Repr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H410 | | | |
607-431-00-9 | prallethrin (ISO); ETOC; 2-methyl-4-oxo-3-(prop-2-ynyl)cyclopent-2-en-1-yl 2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate | 245-387-9 | 23031-36-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H302 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H302 H410 | | | |
607-432-00-4 | S-metolachlor; reaction mass of (S)-2-chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methyl-phenyl)-N-(2-methoxy-1-methyl-ethyl)-acetamide (80-100 %); [1] (R)-2-chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methyl-phenyl)-N-(2-methoxy-1-methyl-ethyl)-acetamide (0-20 %) [2] | - [1] - [2] | 87392-12-9 [1] 178961-20-1 [2] | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
607-433-00-X | cypermethrin cis/trans +/- 80/20; (RS)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS; 3RS; 1RS, 3SR)-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 257-842-9 | 52315-07-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
607-434-00-5 | mecoprop-P [1] and its salts; (R)-2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propionic acid | 240-539-0 | 16484-77-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | |
607-435-00-0 | 2S-isopropyl-5R-methyl-1R-cyclohexyl 2,2-dihydroxyacetate | 416-810-6 | 111969-64-3 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H318 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H373 ** H318 H411 | | | |
607-436-00-6 | 2-hydroxy-3-(2-ethyl-4-methylimidazoyl)propyl neodecanoate | 417-350-9 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H410 | | | |
607-437-00-1 | 3-(4-aminophenyl)-2-cyano-2-propenoic acid | 417-480-6 | 252977-62-1 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-438-00-7 | methyl-2-[(aminosulfonyl)methyl]benzoate | 419-010-5 | 112941-26-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
607-439-00-2 | methyl tetrahydro-2-furancarboxylate | 420-670-1 | 37443-42-8 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-440-00-8 | methyl 2-aminosulfonyl-6-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine-3-c arboxylate | 421-220-7 | 144740-59-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
607-441-00-3 | 3-[3-(2-dodecyloxy-5-methylphenylcarbamoyl)-4-hydroxy-1-naphthylthio]propionic acid | 421-490-6 | 167684-63-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-442-00-9 | benzyl [hydroxy-(4-phenylbutyl)phosphinyl] acetate | 416-050-5 | 87460-09-1 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-443-00-4 | bis(2,4-di-tert-butyl-6-methylphenyl)ethyl phosphate | 416-140-4 | 145650-60-8 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-444-00-X | reaction mass of: cis-1,4-dimethylcyclohexyl dibenzoate; trans-1,4-dimethylcyclohexyl dibenzoate | 416-230-3 | 35541-81-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-445-00-5 | Iron (III) tris(4-methylbenzenesulfonate) | 420-960-8 | 77214-82-5 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-446-00-0 | methyl 2-[4-(2-chloro-4-nitrophenylazo)-3-(1-oxopropyl)amino]phenylaminopropionate | 416-240-8 | 155522-12-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
607-447-00-6 | sodium 4-[4-(4-hydroxyphenylazo)phenylamino]-3-nitrobenzenesulfonate | 416-370-5 | 156738-27-1 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
607-448-00-1 | 2,3,5,6-tetrafluorobenzoic acid | 416-800-1 | 652-18-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H315 H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H315 H318 | | | |
607-449-00-7 | reaction mass of: 4,4',4''-[(2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5(2H,4H,6H)-triazine-1,3,5-triyl)tris[methylene(3,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyclohexanediyl)iminocarbonyloxy-2,1-ethanediyl(ethyl)amino]]trisbenzenediazoniumtri[bis(2-methylpropyl)naphthalenesulfonate]; 4,4',4'',4'''-[[5,5'-[carbonylbis[imino(1,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyclohexanediyl)methylene]]-2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5(2H,4H,6H)-triazine-1,1',3,3'-tetrayl]tetrakis[methylene(3,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyclohexanediyl)iminocarbonyloxy-2,1-ethanediyl(ethyl)amino]]tetrakisbenzenediazoniumtetra[bis(2-methylpropyl)naphthalenesulfonate] | 417-080-1 | — | Self-react. D **** Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H242 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H317 H410 | | | |
607-450-00-2 | 2-mercaptobenzothiazolyl-(Z)-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(tert-butoxycarbonyl) isopropoxyiminoacetate | 419-040-9 | 89604-92-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-451-00-8 | 4-[4-amino-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)phenylazo)-2,7-disulfonapht-6-ylazo]-6-[3-(4-amino-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)phenylazo)-2,7-disulfonapht-6-ylazo]phenylcarbonylamino]benzenesulfonic acid, sodium salt | 417-640-5 | 161935-19-9 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
607-453-00-9 | 4-benzyl-2,6-dihydroxy-4-aza-heptylene bis(2,2-dimethyloctanoate) | 418-100-1 | 172964-15-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
607-454-00-4 | reaction mass of: trans-2-(1-methylethyl)-1,3-dioxane-5-carboxylic acid; cis-2-(1-methylethyl)-1,3-dioxane-5-carboxylic acid | 418-170-3 | 116193-72-7 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
607-455-00-X | 1-amino-4-(3-[4-chloro-6-(2,5-di-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2,2-dimethyl-propylamino)-anthraquinone-2-sulfonic acid, sodium/lithium salt | 419-520-8 | 172890-93-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-456-00-5 | 3-amino-4-chlorobenzoic acid, hexadecyl ester | 419-700-6 | 143269-74-3 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-457-00-0 | tetrasodium dihydrogen 1,1''-dihydroxy-8,8''-[p-phenylbis(imino-{6-[4-(2-aminoethyl)piperazin-1-yl]}-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl-imino)]bis(2,2'-azonaphthalene-1',3,6-trisulfonate) | 420-350-1 | 172277-97-3 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
607-458-00-6 | reaction mass of: 2-ethyl-[2,6-dibromo-4-[1-[3,5-dibromo-4-(2-hydroxyethoxy)phenyl]-1-methylethyl]phenoxy]propenoate; 2,2'-diethyl-[4,4'-bis(2,6-dibromophenoxy)-1-methylethylidene] dipropenoate; 2,2'-[(1-methylethylidene)bis[[2,6-dibromo-4,1-phenylene)oxy]ethanol]] | 420-850-1 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-459-00-1 | isopentyl 4-{2-[5-cyano-1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-1-(2-isopropoxyethoxy-carbonylmethyl)-4-methyl-2,6-dioxo-3-pyridylidene]hydrazino}benzoate | 418-930-4 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-460-00-7 | 3-tridecyloxy-propyl-ammonium 9-octadecenoate | 418-990-1 | 778577-53-0 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H319 H315 H410 | | | |
607-461-00-2 | reaction mass of: pentasodium 2-{4-{3-methyl-4-[6-sulfonato-4-(2-sulfonato-phenylazo)-naphthalen-1-ylazo]-phenylamino}-6-[3-(2-sulfato-ethanesulfonyl)-phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-benzene-1,4-disulfonate; pentasodium 2-{4-{3-methyl-4-[7-sulfonato-4-(2-sulfonato-phenylazo)-naphthalen-1-ylazo]-phenylamino}-6-[3-(2-sulfato-ethanesulfonyl)-phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-benzene-1,4-disulfonate | 421-160-1 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-462-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1-hexyl acetate; 2-methyl-1-pentyl acetate; 3-methyl-1-pentyl acetate; 4-methyl-1-pentyl acetate; other mixed linear and branched C6-alkyl acetates | 421-230-1 | 88230-35-7 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-463-00-3 | 3-(phenothiazin-10-yl)propionic acid | 421-260-5 | 362-03-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-464-00-9 | reaction mass of: 7-chloro-1-ethyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-quinoline-3-carboxylic acid; 5-chloro-1-ethyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-quinoline-3-carboxylic acid | 421-280-4 | | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-465-00-4 | tris(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium 7-{4-[4-(2-cyanoamino-4-hydroxy-6-oxidopyrimidin-5-ylazo)benzamido]-2-ethoxy-phenylazo}naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate | 421-440-3 | 778583-04-3 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-466-00-X | reaction mass of: phenyl 1-(1-[2-chloro-5-(hexadecyloxycarbonyl)phenylcarbamoyl]-3,3-dimethyl-2-oxobutyl)-1H-2,3,3a,7a-tetrahydrobenzotriazole-5-carboxylate; phenyl 2-(1-(2-chloro-5-(hexadecyloxycarbonyl)phenylcarbamoyl)-3,3-dimethyl-2-oxobutyl)-1H-2,3,3a,7a-tetrahydrobenzotriazole-5-carboxylate; phenyl 3-(1-(2-chloro-5-(hexadecyloxycarbonyl)phenylcarbamoyl)-3,3-dimethyl-2-oxobutyl)-1H-2,3,3a,7a-tetrahydrobenzotriazole-5-carboxylate | 421-480-1 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-467-00-5 | 1,1,3,3-tetrabutyl-1,3-ditinoxydicaprylate | 419-430-9 | 56533-00-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H410 | | | |
607-468-00-0 | reaction mass of: monosodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate; disodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate; trisodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate; tetrasodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate | 419-450-8 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-469-00-6 | disodium 7-((4,6-bis(3-diethylaminopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-4-hydroxy-3-(4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)-2-naphthalene sulfonate | 419-460-2 | 120029-06-3 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-470-00-1 | potassium sodium 6,13-dichloro-3,10-bis{2-[4-[3-(2-hydroxysulphonyloxyethanesulfonyl)phenylamino]-6-(2,5-disulfonatophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]ethylamino}benzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-b]phenoxazine-4,11-disulfonate | 414-100-0 | 154336-20-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
607-472-00-2 | ammonium iron(III) trimethylenediaminetetraacetate hemihydrate | 400-660-3 | 111687-36-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-474-00-3 | (4-(4-(4-dimethylaminobenzyliden-1-yl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-2-pyrazolin-1-yl)benzoic acid | 410-430-4 | 117573-89-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-475-00-9 | reaction mass of: tetrasodium 7-(4-[4-chloro-6-[methyl-(3-sulfonatophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2-ureidophenylazo)naphthalene-1,3,6-trisulfonate; tetrasodium 7-(4-[4-chloro-6-[methyl-(4-sulfonatophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2-ureidophenylazo)naphthalene-1,3,6-trisulfonate (1:1) | 412-940-2 | 148878-18-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-476-00-4 | trisodium N,N-bis(carboxymethyl)-β-alanine | 414-070-9 | 129050-62-0 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 H412 | | | |
607-478-00-5 | tetramethylammonium hydrogen phthalate | 416-900-5 | 79723-02-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H301 H373 ** H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H373 ** H400 | | | |
607-479-00-0 | hexadecyl 4-chloro-3-[2-(5,5-dimethyl-2,4-dioxo-1,3-oxazolidin-3-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxopentamido]benzoate | 418-550-9 | 168689-49-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-480-00-6 | 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid; di-C7-11-branched and linear alkylesters | 271-084-6 | 68515-42-4 | Repr. 1B | H360Df | GHS08 Dgr | H360Df | | | |
607-487-00-4 | reaction mass of: disodium 4-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-4-(5-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-hydroxy-1-(4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazol-4-yl)penta-2,4-dienylidene)-4,5-dihydro-5-oxopyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulfonate; trisodium 4-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-4-(5-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-oxido-1-(4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazol-4-yl)penta-2,4-dienylidene)-4,5-dihydro-5-oxopyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulfonate | 402-660-9 | — | Repr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H360D *** H412 | GHS08 Dgr | H360D *** H412 | | | |
607-488-00-X | ethyl (2-acetylamino-5-fluoro-4-isothiocyanatophenoxy)acetate | 414-210-9 | 147379-38-2 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-489-00-5 | reaction mass of: 2-ethylhexyl linolenate, linoleate and oleate; 2-ethylhexyl epoxyoleate; 2-ethylhexyl diepoxylinoleate; 2-ethylhexyl triepoxylinolenate | 414-890-7 | 71302-79-9 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-490-00-0 | N-[2-hydroxy-3-(C12-16-alkyloxy)propyl]-N-methyl glycinate | 415-060-7 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
607-492-00-1 | 2-(1-(3',3'-dimethyl-1'-cyclohexyl)ethoxy)-2-methyl propyl propanoate | 415-490-5 | 141773-73-1 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-493-00-7 | methyl (3aR,4R,7aR)-2-methyl-4-(1S,2R,3-triacetoxypropyl)-3a,7a-dihydro-4H-pyrano[3,4-d]oxazole-6-carboxylate | 415-670-3 | 78850-37-0 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-494-00-2 | bis(2-ethylhexyl)octylphosphonate | 417-170-0 | 52894-02-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-495-00-8 | sodium 4-sulfophenyl-6-((1-oxononyl)amino)hexanoate | 417-550-6 | 168151-92-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
607-496-00-3 | 2,2'-methylenebis(4,6-di-tert-butyl-phenyl)-2-ethylhexyl phosphite | 418-310-3 | 126050-54-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-497-00-9 | cerium oxide isostearate | 419-760-3 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-498-00-4 | (E)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienylhexadecanoate | 421-370-3 | 3681-73-0 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H315 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H413 | | | |
607-499-00-X | bis(dimethyl-(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium) 1,2-ethanediyl-bis(2-hexadecenylsuccinate) | 421-660-1 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
607-500-00-3 | calcium 2,2,bis[(5-tetrapropylene-2-hydroxy)phenyl]ethanoate | 421-670-4 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H410 | | | |
607-501-00-9 | reaction mass of: triphenylthiophosphate and tertiary butylated phenyl derivatives | 421-820-9 | 192268-65-8 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
607-502-00-4 | (N-benzyl-N,N,N-tributyl)ammonium 4-dodecylbenzenesulfonate | 422-200-0 | 178277-55-9 | Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H302 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H302 H411 | | | |
607-503-00-X | 2,4,6-tri-n-propyl-2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5,2,4,6-trioxatriphosphorinane | 422-210-5 | 68957-94-8 | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 | | | |
607-505-00-0 | pentasodium 7-(4-(4-(5-amino-4-sulfonato-2-(4-((2-(sulfonato-ethoxy)sulfonyl)phenylazo)phenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino-2-ureidophenylazo)naphtalene-1,3,6-trisulfonate | 422-930-1 | | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-506-00-6 | reaction mass of: strontium (4-chloro-2-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1-(3-sulfonatophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-5-methyl)benzenesulfonate; disodium (4-chloro-2-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1-(3-sulfonatophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-5-methyl)benzenesulfonate | 422-970-8 | | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
607-507-00-1 | potassium,sodium 2,4-diamino-3-[4-(2-sulfonatoethoxysulfonyl)phenylazo]-5-[4-(2-sulfonatoethoxysulfonyl)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-benzenesulfonate | 422-980-2 | 187026-95-5 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-508-00-7 | disodium 3,3'-[iminobis[sulfonyl-4,1-phenylene-(5-hydroxy-3-methylpyrazole-1,4-diyl)azo-4,1-phenylenesulfonylimino-(4-amino-6-hydroxypyrimidine-2,5-diyl)azo-4,1-phenylenesulfonylimino(4-amino-6-hydroxypyrimidine-2,5-diyl)azo]bis(benzenesulfonate)] | 423-110-4 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
607-512-00-9 | trisodium 2,4-diamino-3,5-bis-[4-(2-sulfonatoethoxy)sulfonyl)phenylazo]benzenesulfonate | 423-970-0 | 182926-43-8 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
607-513-00-4 | reaction mass of: trisodium 4-benzoylamino-6-(6-ethenesulfonyl-1-sulfato-naphthalen-2-ylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; 5-(benzoylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-((1-sulfo-6-((2-(sulfooxy)ethyl)sulfonyl)-2-naphthyl)azo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid sodium salt; 5-(benzoylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-((1-sulfo-6-((2-(sulfooxy)ethyl)sulfonyl)-2-naphthyl)azo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid | 423-200-3 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
607-515-00-5 | reaction mass of: disodium hexyldiphenyl ether disulphonate; disodium dihexyldiphenyl ether disulphonate | 429-650-7 | 147732-60-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H411 | | | |
607-516-00-0 | N,N'-bis(trifluoroacetyl)-S,S'-bis-L-homocysteine | 429-670-6 | 105996-54-1 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
607-517-00-6 | (S)-α-(acetylthio)benzenepropanoic acid | 430-300-0 | 76932-17-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 | | | |
607-526-00-5 | cartap (ISO); 1,3-bis(carbamoylthio)-2-(dimethylamino)propane | — | 15263-53-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
607-527-00-0 | reaction mass of: 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-tridecafluorooctyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heptdecafluorodecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heneicosafluorododecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-pentacosafluorotetradecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-heptadecafluorodecyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heptadecafluorodecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-heptadecafluorodecyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heneicosafluorododecyl)dodecanedioate | 423-180-6 | — | STOT RE 2 * | H373 ** | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** | | | |
607-696-00-0 | pentyl formate | 211-340-6 | 638-49-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H226 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H319 H335 | | | C |
607-697-00-6 | tert-butyl propionate | — | 20487-40-5 | Flam. Liq. 2 | H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H225 | | | C |
608-001-00-3 | acetonitrile; cyanomethane | 200-835-2 | 75-05-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 | | | |
608-002-00-9 | trichloroacetonitrile | 208-885-7 | 545-06-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H411 | | | |
608-003-00-4 | acrylonitrile | 203-466-5 | 107-13-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H350 H331 H311 H301 H335 H315 H318 H317 H411 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H350 H331 H311 H301 H335 H315 H318 H317 H411 | | * | D |
608-004-00-X | 2-hydroxy-2-methylpropionitrile; 2-cyanopropan-2-ol; acetone cyanohydrin | 200-909-4 | 75-86-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H410 | | | |
608-005-00-5 | n-butyronitrile | 203-700-6 | 109-74-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H225 H331 H311 H301 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H225 H331 H311 H301 | | | |
608-006-00-0 | bromoxynil (ISO) 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxybenzonitrile; bromoxynil phenol | 216-882-7 | 1689-84-5 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H330 H301 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H361d *** H330 H301 H317 H410 | | M = 10 | |
608-007-00-6 | ioxynil (ISO) 4-hydroxy-3,5-diiodobenzonitrile | 216-881-1 | 1689-83-4 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H319 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H361d *** H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H319 H410 | | M = 10 | |
608-008-00-1 | chloroacetonitrile | 203-467-0 | 107-14-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H411 | | | |
608-009-00-7 | malononitrile | 203-703-2 | 109-77-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | |
608-010-00-2 | methacrylonitrile; 2-methyl-2-propene nitrile | 204-817-5 | 126-98-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 | H225 H331 H311 H301 H317 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H225 H331 H311 H301 H317 | | * Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,2 % | D |
608-011-00-8 | oxalonitrile; cyanogen | 207-306-5 | 460-19-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H220 H331 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H220 H331 H410 | | | U |
608-012-00-3 | benzonitrile | 202-855-7 | 100-47-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 | | | |
608-013-00-9 | 2-chlorobenzonitrile | 212-836-5 | 873-32-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H312 H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 H319 | | | |
608-014-00-4 | chlorothalonil (ISO); tetrachloroisophthalonitrile | 217-588-1 | 1897-45-6 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Eye Dam. 1 STOT SE 3 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H330 H318 H335 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H330 H318 H335 H317 H410 | | M = 10 | |
608-015-00-X | dichlobenil (ISO); 2,6-dichlorobenzonitrile | 214-787-5 | 1194-65-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H411 | | | |
608-016-00-5 | 1,4-Dicyano-2,3,5,6-tetra-chloro-benzene | 401-550-8 | 1897-41-2 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
608-017-00-0 | bromoxynil octanoate (ISO); 2,6-dibromo-4-cyanophenyl octanoate | 216-885-3 | 1689-99-2 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H331 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H361d *** H331 H302 H317 H410 | | M = 10 | |
608-018-00-6 | ioxynil octanoate (ISO); 4-cyano-2,6-diiodophenyl octanoate | 223-375-4 | 3861-47-0 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H301 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H361d *** H301 H319 H317 H410 | | M = 10 | |
608-019-00-1 | 2,2'-dimethyl-2,2'-azodipropiononitrile; ADZN | 201-132-3 | 78-67-1 | Self-react. C Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H242 H332 H302 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H242 H332 H302 H412 | | | T |
608-021-00-2 | 3-(2-(diaminomethyleneamino)thiazol-4-ylmethylthio)propionitrile | 403-710-2 | 76823-93-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
608-022-00-8 | 3,7-dimethyloctanenitrile | 403-620-3 | 40188-41-8 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H411 | | | |
608-023-00-3 | fenbuconazole (ISO); 4-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-phenyl-2-[(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl]butanenitrile | 406-140-2 | 114369-43-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
608-024-00-9 | 2-(4-(N-butyl-N-phenethylamino)phenyl)ethylene-1,1,2-tricarbonitrile | 407-650-8 | 97460-76-9 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
608-025-00-4 | 2-nitro-4,5-bis(benzyloxy)phenylacetonitrile | 410-970-0 | 117568-27-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
608-026-00-X | 3-cyano-3,5,5-trimethylcyclohexanone | 411-490-4 | 7027-11-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H373 ** H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H302 H373 ** H317 H412 | | | |
608-027-00-5 | reaction mass of: 3-(4-ethylphenyl)-2,2-dimethylpropanenitrile; 3-(2-ethylphenyl)-2,2-dimethylpropanenitrile; 3-(3-ethylphenyl)-2,2-dimethylpropanenitrile | 412-660-0 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
608-028-00-0 | 4-(2-cyano-3-phenylamino acryloyloxymethyl)-cyclohexyl-methyl 2-cyano-3-phenylamino)-acrylate | 413-510-7 | 147374-67-2 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H317 H411 | | | |
608-029-00-6 | 1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-1-[3-(1-methylethoxy)propyl]-2-oxo-3-pyridinecarbonitrile | 411-990-2 | 68612-94-2 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
608-030-00-1 | N-acetyl-N-[5-cyano-3-(2-dibutylamino-4-phenylthyazol-5-yl-methylene)-4-methyl-2,6-dioxo-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridin-1-yl]benzamide | 412-340-0 | 147741-93-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
608-031-00-7 | 2-benzyl-2-methyl-3-butenitrile | 407-870-4 | 97384-48-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
608-033-00-8 | N-butyl-3-(2-chloro-4-nitrophenylhydrazono)-1-cyano-2-methylprop-1-ene-1,3-dicarboximide | 407-970-8 | 75511-91-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
608-034-00-3 | chlorfenapyr; 4-bromo-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-ethoxymethyl-5-trifluoromethylpyrrole-3-carbonitrile | — | 122453-73-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H302 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H302 H410 | | | |
608-035-00-9 | (±)-α-[(2-acetyl-5-methylphenyl)-amino]-2,6-dichlorobenzene-aceto-nitrile | 419-290-9 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
608-036-00-4 | 3-(2-{4-[2-(4-cyanophenyl)vinyl]phenyl}vinyl)benzonitrile | 419-060-8 | 79026-02-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
608-037-00-X | reaction mass of: (E)-2,12-tridecadiennitrile; (E)-3,12-tridecadiennitrile; (Z)-3,12-tridecadiennitrile | 422-190-8 | | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
608-038-00-5 | 2,2,4-trimethyl-4-phenyl-butane-nitrile | 422-580-8 | 75490-39-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
608-039-00-0 | 2-phenylhexanenitrile | 423-460-8 | 3508-98-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
608-040-00-6 | 4,4'-dithiobis(5-amino-1-(2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carbonitrile) | 423-490-1 | 130755-46-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
608-041-00-1 | 4'-((2-butyl-4-oxo-1,3-diazaspiro[4.4]non-1-ene-3-yl)methyl)(1,1'-biphenyl)-2-carbonitrile | 423-500-4 | 138401-24-8 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
608-043-00-2 | 3-(cis-3-hexenyloxy)propanenitril | 415-220-6 | 142653-61-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H302 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H302 H410 | | | |
608-065-00-2 | salts of bromoxynil with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H330 H301 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H361d *** H330 H301 H317 H410 | | M = 10 | A |
608-066-00-8 | salts of ioxynil with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H319 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H361d *** H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H319 H410 | | M = 10 | A |
609-001-00-6 | 1-nitropropane | 203-544-9 | 108-03-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H312 H302 | | * | |
609-002-00-1 | 2-nitropropane | 201-209-1 | 79-46-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H350 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H350 H332 H302 | | | |
609-003-00-7 | nitrobenzene | 202-716-0 | 98-95-3 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H411 | | | |
609-004-00-2 | dinitrobenzene; [1] 1,4-dinitrobenzene; [2] 1,3-dinitrobenzene; [3] 1,2-dinitrobenzene [4] | 246-673-6 [1] 202-833-7 [2] 202-776-8 [3] 208-431-8 [4] | 25154-54-5 [1] 100-25-4 [2] 99-65-0 [3] 528-29-0 [4] | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H410 | | | |
609-005-00-8 | 1,3,5-trinitrobenzene | 202-752-7 | 99-35-4 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H410 | | | |
609-006-00-3 | 4-nitrotoluene | 202-808-0 | 99-99-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
609-007-00-9 | 2,4-dinitrotoluene; dinitrotoluene, technical grade; [1] dinitrotoluene [2] | 204-450-0 [1] 246-836-1 [2] | 121-14-2 [1] 25321-14-6 [2] | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
609-008-00-4 | 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene; TNT | 204-289-6 | 118-96-7 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
609-009-00-X | 2,4,6-trinitrophenol; picric acid | 201-865-9 | 88-89-1 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H201 H331 H311 H301 | GHS01 GHS06 Dgr | H201 H331 H311 H301 | | | |
609-010-00-5 | salts of picric acid | — | — | Unst. Expl Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H201 H331 H311 H301 | GHS01 GHS06 Dgr | H201 H331 H311 H301 | | | T |
609-011-00-0 | 2,4,6-trinitroanisole | — | 606-35-9 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H201 H332 H312 H302 H411 | GHS01 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H201 H332 H312 H302 H411 | | | |
609-012-00-6 | 2,4,6-trinitro-m-cresol | 210-027-1 | 602-99-3 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H201 H332 H312 H302 | GHS01 GHS07 Wng | H201 H332 H312 H302 | | | |
609-013-00-1 | 2,4,6-trinitro-m-xylene | 211-187-5 | 632-92-8 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * | H201 H332 H312 H302 H373 ** | GHS01 GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H201 H332 H312 H302 H373 ** | | | |
609-015-00-2 | 4-nitrophenol; p-nitrophenol | 202-811-7 | 100-02-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * | H332 H312 H302 H373 ** | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H373 ** | | | |
609-016-00-8 | dinitrophenol (reaction mass of isomers); [1] 2,4(or 2,6)-dinitrophenol [2] | 247-096-2 [1] 275-732-9 [2] | 25550-58-7 [1] 71629-74-8 [2] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | |
609-018-00-9 | 2,4,6-trinitroresorcinol; styphnic acid | 201-436-6 | 82-71-3 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H201 H332 H312 H302 | GHS01 GHS07 Wng | H201 H332 H312 H302 | | | T |
609-019-00-4 | lead 2,4,6-trinitro-m-phenylene dioxide; lead 2,4,6-trinitroresorcinoxide; lead styphnate | 239-290-0 | 15245-44-0 | Unst. Expl Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H200 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H200 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
609-019-01-1 | lead 2,4,6-trinitro-m-phenylene dioxide; lead 2,4,6-trinitroresorcinoxide; lead styphnate (≥ 20 % phlegmatiser) | 239-290-0 | 15245-44-0 | Expl. 1.1 Repr. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H360Df H332 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | 1 |
609-020-00-X | DNOC (ISO); 4,6-dinitro-o-cresol | 208-601-1 | 534-52-1 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H330 H310 H300 H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H330 H310 H300 H315 H318 H317 H410 | EUH044 | | |
609-021-00-5 | sodium salt of DNOC; sodium 4,6-dinitro-o-cresolate; [1] potassium salt of DNOC; potassium 4,6-dinitro-o-cresolate [2] | 219-007-7 [1] - [2] | 2312-76-7 [1] 5787-96-2 [2] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | |
609-022-00-0 | ammonium salt of DNOC; ammonium 4,6-dinitro-o-tolyl oxide | 221-037-0 | 2980-64-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H410 | | | |
609-023-00-6 | dinocap (ISO) | 254-408-0 | 39300-45-3 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360D *** H332 H373 ** H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H360D *** H332 H373 ** H315 H317 H410 | | | |
609-024-00-1 | binapacryl (ISO); 2-sec-butyl-4,6-dinitrophenyl-3-methylcrotonate | 207-612-9 | 485-31-4 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360D *** H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H360D *** H312 H302 H410 | | | |
609-025-00-7 | dinoseb(ISO); 6-sec-butyl-2,4-dinitrophenol | 201-861-7 | 88-85-7 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H311 H301 H319 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H311 H301 H319 H410 | EUH044 | | |
609-026-00-2 | salts and esters of dinoseb, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H311 H301 H319 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H311 H301 H319 H410 | EUH044 | | A |
609-027-00-8 | dinocton; reaction mass of isomers: methyl 2-octyl-4,6-dinitrophenyl carbonate, methyl 4-octyl-2,6-dinitrophenyl carbonate | — | 63919-26-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
609-028-00-3 | dinex (ISO); 2-cyclohexyl-4,6-dinitrophenol | 205-042-5 | 131-89-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | |
609-029-00-9 | salts and esters of dinex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | A |
609-030-00-4 | dinoterb (ISO); 2-tert-butyl-4,6-dinitrophenol | 215-813-8 | 1420-07-1 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360D *** H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360D *** H300 H311 H410 | EUH044 | | |
609-031-00-X | salts and esters of dinoterb | — | — | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360D *** H300 H311 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360D *** H300 H311 H410 | | | A |
609-032-00-5 | bromofenoxim (ISO); 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxybenzaldehyde-O-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)-oxime | 236-129-6 | 13181-17-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
609-033-00-0 | dinosam (ISO); 2-(1-methylbutyl)-4,6-dinitrophenol | — | 4097-36-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | |
609-034-00-6 | salts and esters of dinosam | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | A |
609-035-00-1 | nitroethane | 201-188-9 | 79-24-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H302 | | * | |
609-036-00-7 | nitromethane | 200-876-6 | 75-52-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H302 | | * | |
609-037-00-2 | 5-nitroacenaphthene | 210-025-0 | 602-87-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
609-038-00-8 | 2-nitronaphthalene | 209-474-5 | 581-89-5 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H411 | | | |
609-039-00-3 | 4-nitrobiphenyl | 202-204-7 | 92-93-3 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H411 | | | |
609-040-00-9 | nitrofen (ISO); 2,4-dichlorophenyl 4-nitrophenyl ether | 217-406-0 | 1836-75-5 | Carc. 1B Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H360D *** H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H360D *** H302 H410 | | | |
609-041-00-4 | 2,4-dinitrophenol | 200-087-7 | 51-28-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 | | | |
609-042-00-X | pendimethalin (ISO); N-(1-ethylpropyl)-2,6-dinitro-3,4-xylidine | 254-938-2 | 40487-42-1 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
609-043-00-5 | quintozene (ISO); pentachloronitrobenzene | 201-435-0 | 82-68-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
609-044-00-0 | tecnazene (ISO); 1,2,4,5-tetrachloro-3-nitrobenzene | 204-178-2 | 117-18-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
609-045-00-6 | reaction mass of: 4,6-dinitro-2-(3-octyl)phenyl methyl carbonate and 4,6-dinitro-2-(4-octyl)phenyl methyl carbonate; dinocton-6 | — | 8069-76-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
609-046-00-1 | trifluralin (ISO) (containing 609-047-00-7 | 2-nitroanisole | 202-052-1 | 91-23-6 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 | | | |
609-048-00-2 | sodium 3-nitrobenzenesulphonate | 204-857-3 | 127-68-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | |
609-049-00-8 | 2,6-dinitrotoluene | 210-106-0 | 606-20-2 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | | | |
609-050-00-3 | 2,3-dinitrotoluene | 210-013-5 | 602-01-7 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | |
609-051-00-9 | 3,4-dinitrotoluene | 210-222-1 | 610-39-9 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
609-052-00-4 | 3,5-dinitrotoluene | 210-566-2 | 618-85-9 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | | | |
609-053-00-X | hydrazine-trinitromethane | 414-850-9 | — | Expl. 1.1 **** Self-react. A Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 | H201 H240 H350 H331 H301 H317 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H201 H240 H350 H331 H301 H317 | | | |
609-054-00-5 | 2,3-dinitrophenol; [1] 2,5-dinitrophenol; [2] 2,6-dinitrophenol; [3] 3,4-dinitrophenol; [4] salts of dinitrophenol [5] | 200-628-7 [1] 206-348-1 [2] 209-357-9 [3] 209-415-3 [4] - [5] | 66-56-8 [1] 329-71-5 [2] 573-56-8 [3] 577-71-9 [4] - [5] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
609-055-00-0 | 2,5-dinitrotoluene | 210-581-4 | 619-15-8 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
609-056-00-6 | 2,2-dibromo-2-nitroethanol | 412-380-9 | 69094-18-4 | Expl. 1.1 Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1A Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H351 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H351 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H410 | | * STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | T |
609-057-00-1 | 3-chloro-2,4-difluoronitrobenzene | 411-980-8 | 3847-58-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
609-058-00-7 | 2-nitro-2-phenyl-1,3-propanediol | 410-360-4 | 5428-02-4 | STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H372 ** H312 H302 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H312 H302 H317 H411 | EUH070 | | |
609-059-00-2 | 2-chloro-6-(ethylamino)-4-nitrophenol | 411-440-1 | 131657-78-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H411 | | | |
609-060-00-8 | 4-[(3-hydroxypropyl)amino]-3-nitrophenol | 406-305-9 | 92952-81-3 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
609-061-00-3 | (E,Z)-4-chlorophenyl(cyclopropyl)ketone O-(4-nitrophenylmethyl)oxime | 406-100-4 | 94097-88-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
609-062-00-9 | 2-bromo-2-nitropropanol | 407-030-7 | 24403-04-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H311 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H311 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H410 | | | |
609-063-00-4 | 2-[(4-chloro-2-nitrophenyl)amino]ethanol | 413-280-8 | 59320-13-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
609-064-00-X | mesotrione(ISO); 2-[4-(methylsulfonyl)-2-nitrobenzoyl]-1,3-cyclohexanedione | — | 104206-82-8 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
609-065-00-5 | 2-nitrotoluene | 201-853-3 | 88-72-2 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H340 H361f *** H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H340 H361f *** H302 H411 | | | |
609-066-00-0 | lithium sodium 3-amino-10-{4-(10-amino-6,13-dichloro-4,11-disulfonatobenzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-b]phenoxazine-3-ylamino)-6-[methyl(2-sulfonato-ethyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-6,13-dichlorobenzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-b]phenoxazine-4,11-disulfonate | 418-870-9 | 154212-58-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 2 ** | H332 H312 H302 H371 ** | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H312 H302 H371 ** | | | |
609-067-00-6 | sodium and potassium 4-(3-aminopropylamino)-2,6-bis[3-(4-methoxy-2-sulfophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-sulfo-7-naphthylamino]-1,3,5-triazine | 416-280-6 | 156769-97-0 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
609-068-00-1 | musk xylene; 5-tert-butyl-2,4,6-trinitro-m-xylene | 201-329-4 | 81-15-2 | Expl. 1.1 Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H351 H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H201 H351 H410 | | | T |
609-070-00-2 | 1,4-dichloro-2-(1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoropropoxy)-5-nitrobenzene | 415-580-4 | 130841-23-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
609-071-00-8 | reaction mass of: 2-methylsulfanyl-4,6-bis-(2-hydroxy-4-methoxy-phenyl)-1,3,5-triazine; 2-(4,6-bis-methylsulfanyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-methoxy-phenol | 423-520-3 | 156137-33-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
610-001-00-3 | trichloronitromethane; chloropicrin | 200-930-9 | 76-06-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H330 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
610-002-00-9 | 1,1-dichloro-1-nitroethane | 209-854-0 | 594-72-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | |
610-003-00-4 | chlorodinitrobenzene | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | C |
610-004-00-X | 2-chloro-1,3,5-trinitrobenzene | 201-864-3 | 88-88-0 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H201 H330 H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H330 H310 H300 H410 | | | |
610-005-00-5 | 1-chloro-4-nitrobenzene | 202-809-6 | 100-00-5 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H341 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H341 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
610-006-00-0 | chloronitroanilines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | | | A C |
610-007-00-6 | 1-chloro-1-nitropropane | 209-990-0 | 600-25-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | * | |
610-008-00-1 | 2,6-dichloro-4-nitroanisole | 403-350-6 | 17742-69-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H411 | | | |
610-009-00-7 | 2-chloro-4-nitroaniline | 204-502-2 | 121-87-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
610-010-00-2 | 2-bromo-1-(2-furyl)-2-nitroethylene | 406-110-9 | 35950-52-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H410 | | | |
611-001-00-6 | azobenzene | 203-102-5 | 103-33-3 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H341 H332 H302 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H332 H302 H373 ** H410 | | | |
611-002-00-1 | azoxybenzene | 207-802-1 | 495-48-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 | | | |
611-003-00-7 | fenaminosulf (ISO); sodium 4-dimethylaminobenzenediazosulphonate | 205-419-4 | 140-56-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H301 H312 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 H412 | | | |
611-004-00-2 | methyl-ONN-azoxymethyl acetate; methyl azoxy methyl acetate | 209-765-7 | 592-62-1 | Carc. 1B Repr. 1B | H350 H360D *** | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H360D *** | | | |
611-005-00-8 | disodium {5-[(4'-((2,6-hydroxy-3-((2-hydroxy-5-sulphophenyl)azo)phenyl)azo)(1,1'-biphenyl)-4-yl)azo]salicylato(4-)}cuprate(2-); CI Direct Brown 95 | 240-221-1 | 16071-86-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
611-006-00-3 | 4-o-tolylazo-o-toluidine; 4-amino-2',3-dimethylazobenzene; fast garnet GBC base; AAT; o-aminoazotoluene | 202-591-2 | 97-56-3 | Carc. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H350 H317 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H317 | | | |
611-007-00-9 | tricyclazole (ISO); 5-methyl-1,2,4-triazolo(3,4-b)benzo-1,3-thiazole; | 255-559-5 | 41814-78-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
611-008-00-4 | 4-aminoazobenzene; 4-phenylazoaniline | 200-453-6 | 60-09-3 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | | |
611-009-00-X | sodium (1-(5-(4-(4-anilino-3-sulphophenylazo)-2-methyl-5-methylsulphonamidophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxido-3-(phenylazo)phenylazo)-5-nitro-4-sulphonato-2-naphtholato)iron(II) | 401-220-3 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H412 | | | |
611-010-00-5 | 2'-(2-cyano-4,6-dinitrophenylazo)-5'-(N,N-dipropylamino)propionanilide | 403-010-7 | 106359-94-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
611-011-00-0 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyl-3,3'-(propylenebis(iminocarbonyl-4,1-phenylenazo(1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxopyridine-3,1-diyl)))di(propylammonium) dilactate | 403-340-1 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dg | H318 H411 | | | |
611-012-00-6 | reaction mass of 2,2-iminodiethanol 6-methyl-2-(4-(2,4,6-triaminopyrimidin-5-ylazo)phenyl)benzothiazole-7-sulfonate and 2-methylaminoethanol 6-methyl-2-(4-(2,4,6-triaminopyrimidin-5-ylazo)phenyl)benzothiazole-7-sulfonate and N,N-diethylpropane-1,3-diamine 6-methyl-2-(4-(2,4,6-triaminopyrimidin-5-ylazo)phenyl)benzothiazole-7-sulfonate | 403-410-1 | 114565-65-0 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-013-00-1 | trilithium-1-hydroxy-7-(3-sulfonatoanilino)-2-(3-methyl-4-(2-methoxy-4-(3-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)phenylazo)naphthalene-3-sulfonate | 403-650-7 | 117409-78-6 | Expl. 1.3 **** Aquatic Chronic 2 | H203 H411 | GHS01 GHS09 Dgr | H203 H411 | | | |
611-014-00-7 | (tetrasodium 1-(4-(3-acetamido-4-(4'-nitro-2,2'-disulfonatostilben-4-ylazo)anilino)-6-(2,5-disulfonatoanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-3-carboxypyridinium) hydroxide | 404-250-5 | 115099-55-3 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-015-00-2 | tetrasodium 4-amino-5-hydroxy-6-(4-(2-(2-(sulfonatooxy)ethylsulfonyl)ethylcarbamoyl)phenylazo)-3-(4-(2-(sulfonatooxy)ethylsulfonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 404-320-5 | 116889-78-2 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-016-00-8 | reaction mass of 1,1'-((dihydroxyphenylene)bis(azo-3,1-phenylenazo(1-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxopyridine-5,3-diyl)))dipyridinium dichloride dihydrochloride, mixed isomers and 1-(1-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-5-(3-((4-(1-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxo-5-pyridinio-3-pyridylazo)phenylazo)-2,4(or2,6 or3,5)-dihydroxyphenylazo)phenylazo)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxo-3-pyridyl)pyridinium dichloride | 404-540-1 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-017-00-3 | 2-(4-(diethylaminopropylcarbamoyl)phenylazo)-3-oxo-N-(2,3-dihydro-2-oxobenzimidazol-5-yl)butyramide | 404-910-2 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-018-00-9 | tetraammonium 5-(4-(7-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-6-sulfonato-1-naphthylazo)isophthalate | 405-130-5 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-019-00-4 | tetralithium 6-amino-4-hydroxy-3-(7-sulfonato-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)-1-naphthylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 405-150-4 | 106028-58-4 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-020-00-X | tetrakis(tetramethylammonium) 6-amino-4-hydroxy-3-(7-sulfonato-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)-1-naphthylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 405-170-3 | 116340-05-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H301 H317 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H317 H412 | | | |
611-021-00-5 | 2-(4-(4-cyano-3-methylisothiazol-5-ylazo)-N-ethyl-3-methylanilino)ethyl acetate | 405-480-9 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H302 H373 ** H315 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H302 H373 ** H315 H413 | | | |
611-022-00-0 | 4-dimethylaminobenzenediazonium 3-carboxy-4-hydroxybenzenesulfonate | 404-980-4 | — | Self-react. C Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H242 H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H331 H301 H312 H373 ** H318 H317 H410 | | | T |
611-023-00-6 | disodium 7-(4,6-dichloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-(sulfonatooxy)ethylsulfonyl)phenylazo) naphthalene-2-sulfonate | 404-600-7 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-024-00-1 | Benzidine based azo dyes; 4,4'-diarylazobiphenyl dyes, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | A |
611-025-00-7 | disodium 4-amino-3-[[4'-[(2,4-diaminophenyl)azo][1,1'-biphenyl]-4-yl]azo]-5-hydroxy-6-(phenylazo)naphtalene-2,7-disulphonate; C.I. Direct Black 38 | 217-710-3 | 1937-37-7 | Carc. 1B Repr. 2 | H350 H361d *** | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H361d *** | | | |
611-026-00-2 | tetrasodium 3,3'-[[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diylbis(azo)]bis[5-amino-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulphonate]; C.I. Direct Blue 6 | 220-012-1 | 2602-46-2 | Carc. 1B Repr. 2 | H350 H361d *** | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H361d *** | | | |
611-027-00-8 | disodium 3,3'-[[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diylbis(azo)]bis(4-aminonaphthalene-1-sulphonate); C.I. Direct Red 28 | 209-358-4 | 573-58-0 | Carc. 1B Repr. 2 | H350 H361d *** | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H361d *** | | | |
611-028-00-3 | C,C'-azodi(formamide) | 204-650-8 | 123-77-3 | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | G |
611-029-00-9 | o-dianisidine based azo dyes; 4,4'-diarylazo-3,3'-dimethoxybiphenyl dyes with the exception of those mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | A H |
611-030-00-4 | o-tolidine based dyes; 4,4'-diarylazo-3,3'-dimethylbiphenyl dyes, with the exception of those mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | A H |
611-031-00-X | 4,4'-(4-iminocyclohexa-2,5-dienylidenemethylene)dianiline hydrochloride; C.I. Basic Red 9 | 209-321-2 | 569-61-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
611-032-00-5 | 1,4,5,8-tetraaminoanthraquinone; C.I. Disperse Blue 1 | 219-603-7 | 2475-45-8 | Carc. 1B Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H350 H315 H318 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H315 H318 H317 | | | |
611-033-00-0 | hexasodium [4,4''-azoxybis(2,2'-disulfonatostilbene-4,4'-diylazo)]-bis[5'-sulfonatobenzene-2,2'- diolato-O(2),O(2),N(1)]-copper(II) | 400-020-3 | 82027-60-9 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-034-00-6 | N-(5-(bis(2-methoxyethyl)amino)-2-((5-nitro-2,1-benzisothiazol-3-yl)azo)phenylacetamide | 402-430-8 | 105076-77-5 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-035-00-1 | tetralithium 6-amino-4-hydroxy-3-[7-sulfonato-4-(5-sulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-1-naphthylazo]naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 403-660-1 | 107246-80-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-036-00-7 | 2-(4-(5,6(or 6,7)-dichloro-1,3-benzothiazol-2-ylazo)-N-methyl-m-toluidino)ethyl acetate | 405-440-0 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-037-00-2 | 3(or 5)-(4-(N-benzyl-N-ethylamino)-2-methylphenylazo)-1,4-dimethyl-1,2,4-triazolium methylsulphate | 406-055-0 | 124584-00-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
611-038-00-8 | trisodium 1-hydroxynaphthalene-2-azo-4'(5',5''-dimethylbiphenyl)-4''-azo(4''-phenylsulfonyloxybenzene)- 2',2'',4-trisulfonate | 406-820-9 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
611-039-00-3 | 7-[((4,6-dichloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino)-4-hydroxy-3-(4-((2-sulfoxy)ethyl)sulfonyl)phenylazo]naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid | 407-050-6 | 117715-57-8 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-040-00-9 | 3-(5-acetylamino-4-(4-[4,6-bis(3-diethylaminopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]phenylazo)-2-(2-methoxyethoxy)phenylazo)-6-amino-4-hydroxy-2-naphthalenesulfonic acid | 407-670-7 | 115099-58-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
611-041-00-4 | 2-[[4[[4,6-bis[[3-(diethylamino)propyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl]amino]phenyl]azo]-N-(2,3-dihydro-2-oxo-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl)-3-oxobutanamide | 407-680-1 | 98809-11-1 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
611-042-00-X | trisodium 5-amino-3-[5-(2-bromoacryloylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-4-hydroxy-6-(4-vinylsulfonylphenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 411-770-6 | 136213-71-3 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
611-043-00-5 | reaction mass of: trisodium N(1')-N(2):N(1''')-N(2'')-η-6-[2-amino-4-(or 6)-hydroxy-(or 4-amino-2-hydroxy)phenylazo]-6''-(1-carbaniloyl-2-hydroxyprop-1-enylazo)-5',5'''-disulfamoyl-3,3''-disulfonatobis(naphthalene-2,1'-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato-O(1),O(2'))-chromate; trisodium N(1')-N(2):N(1''')-N(2'')-η-6,6''-bis(1-carbaniloyl-2-hydroxyprop-1-enylazo)-5',5'''-disulfamoyl-3,3''-disulfonatobis(naphthalene-2,1'azobenzene-1,2'-diolato-O(1),O(2'))-chromate; trisodium N(1')-N(2):N(1''')-N(2'')-η-6,6''-bis[2-amino-4-(or 6)-hydroxy-(or 4-amino-2-hydroxy)phenylazo]5',5'''-disulfamoyl-3,3''-disulfonatobis(naphthalene-2,1'azobenzene-1,2'-diolato-O(1),O(2'))-chromate (2:1:1) | 402-850-1 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
611-044-00-0 | reaction mass of: tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium bis[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium bis[1-[(2-hydroxy-4-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium bis[1-[[5-(1,1-dimethylpropyl)-2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl]azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium [[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium [[1-[[5-(1,1-dimethylpropyl)-2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl]azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium ((1-(4(or 5)-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)(1-(3-nitro-2-oxido-5-pentylphenylazo)-2-naphtholato))chromate(1-) | 403-720-7 | 117527-94-3 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-045-00-6 | 2-[4-[N-(4-acetoxybutyl)-N-ethyl]amino-2-methylphenylazo]-3-acetyl-5-nitrothiophene | 404-830-8 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-046-00-1 | 4,4'-diamino-2-methylazobenzene | 407-590-2 | 43151-99-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
611-047-00-7 | reaction mass of: 2-[[4-[N-ethyl-N-(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-5,6-dichlorobenzothiazole; 2-[[4-[N-ethyl-N-(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-6,7-dichlorobenzothiazole (1:1) | 407-890-3 | 111381-11-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-048-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2-[[4-[bis(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-5,6-dichlorobenzothiazole; 2-[[4-[bis(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-6,7-dichlorobenzothiazole (1:1) | 407-900-6 | 111381-12-5 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-049-00-8 | reaction mass of 7-[4-(3-diethylaminopropylamino)-6-(3-diethylammoniopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-4-hydroxy-3-(4-phenylazophenylazo)-naphthalene-2-sulfonate, acetic acid, lactic acid (2:1:1) | 408-000-6 | 118658-98-3 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H373 ** H317 H412 | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** H317 H412 | | | |
611-051-00-9 | 2-(4-(N-ethyl-N-(2-hydroxy)ethyl)amino-2-methylphenyl)azo-6-methoxy-3-methyl-benzothiazolium chloride | 411-110-7 | 136213-74-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
611-052-00-4 | monosodium aqua-[5-[[2,4-dihydroxy-5-[(2-hydroxy-3,5-dinitrophenyl)azo]phenyl]azo]-2-naphthalensulfonate], iron complex | 400-720-9 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
611-053-00-X | 2,2'-azobis[2-methylpropionamidine] dihydrochloride | 221-070-0 | 2997-92-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
611-055-00-0 | C.I. Disperse Yellow 3; N-[4-[(2-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl)azo]phenyl]acetamide | 220-600-8 | 2832-40-8 | Carc. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H351 H317 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H317 | | | |
611-056-00-6 | C.I. Solvent Yellow 14; 1-phenylazo-2-naphthol | 212-668-2 | 842-07-9 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H351 H341 H317 H413 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H341 H317 H413 | | | |
611-057-00-1 | 6-hydroxy-1-(3-isopropoxypropyl)-4-methyl-2-oxo-5-[4-(phenylazo)phenylazo]-1,2-dihydro-3-pyridinecarbonitrile | 400-340-3 | 85136-74-9 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Chronic 4 | H350 H413 | GHS08 Wng | H350 H413 | | | |
611-058-00-7 | (6-(4-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenylazo)-2-sulfonato-7-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2,4-diyl)bis[(amino-1-methylethyl)ammonium] formate | 402-060-7 | 108225-03-2 | Carc. 1B Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H318 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H318 H411 | | | |
611-059-00-2 | octasodium 2-(6-(4-chloro-6-(3-(N-methyl-N-(4-chloro-6-(3,5-disulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-1-hydroxy-6-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)aminomethyl)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-3,5-disulfonato-1-hydroxy-2-naphthylazo)naphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 412-960-1 | 148878-21-1 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
611-060-00-8 | reaction mass of: sodium 5-[8-[4-[4-[4-[7-(3,5-dicarboxylatophenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-1-ylamino]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-2,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo]-isophthalate; ammonium 5-[8-[4-[4-[4-[7-(3,5-dicarboxylatophenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-1-ylamino]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-2,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo]-isophthalate; 5-[8-[4-[4-[4-[7-(3,5-dicarboxylatophenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-1-ylamino]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-2,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonaphthalen-2-ylazo]-isophthalic acid | 413-180-4 | 187285-15-0 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
611-061-00-3 | disodium 5-[5-[4-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)benzamido]-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-1-ethyl-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxo-3-pyridylmethylsulfonate | 412-530-3 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
611-062-00-9 | octasodium 2-(8-(4-chloro-6-(3-((4-chloro-6-(3,6-disulfonato-2-(1,5-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-1-hydroxynaphthalen-8-ylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)aminomethyl)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-3,6-disulfonato-1-hydroxynaphthalen-2-ylazo)naphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 413-550-5 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H315 H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H315 H318 | | | |
611-063-00-4 | trisodium [4'-(8-acetylamino-3,6-disulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-4''-(6-benzoylamino-3-sulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-biphenyl-1,3',3'',1'''-tetraolato-O,O',O'',O''']copper(II) | 413-590-3 | 164058-22-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
611-064-00-X | 4-(3,4-dichlorophenylazo)-2,6-di-sec-butyl-phenol | 410-600-8 | 124719-26-2 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H315 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H315 H410 | | | |
611-065-00-5 | 4-(4-nitrophenylazo)-2,6-di-sec-butyl-phenol | 410-610-2 | 111850-24-9 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
611-066-00-0 | tetrasodium 5-[4-chloro-6-(N-ethyl-anilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-4-hydroxy-3-(1,5-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 411-540-5 | 130201-57-9 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
611-067-00-6 | reaction mass of: bis(tris(2-(2-hydroxy(1-methyl)ethoxy)ethyl)ammonium) 7-anilino-4-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxy-5-methyl-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)naphthalene-2-sulfonate; bis(tris(2-(2-hydroxy(2-methyl)ethoxy)ethyl)ammonium) 7-anilino-4-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxy-5-methyl-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)naphthalene-2-sulfonate | 406-910-8 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H412 | | | |
611-068-00-1 | tetrasodium 4-amino-3,6-bis(5-[4-chloro-6-(2-hydroxyethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 400-690-7 | 85665-98-1 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-069-00-7 | N,N-di-[poly(oxyethylene)-co-poly(oxypropylene)]-4-[(3,5-dicyano-4-methyl-2-thienyl)azo)]-3-methylaniline | 413-380-1 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-070-00-2 | reaction mass of: disodium (6-(4-anisidino)-3-sulfonato-2-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-1-naphtholato)(1-(5-chloro-2-oxidophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-); trisodium bis(5-(4-anisidino)-3-sulfonato-2-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-1-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 405-665-4 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
611-071-00-8 | tris(tetramethylammonium) 5-hydroxy-1-(4-sulphonatophenyl)-4-(4-sulphonatophenylazo)pyrazole-3-carboxylate | 406-073-9 | 131013-81-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H301 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H412 | | | |
611-072-00-3 | 2,4-bis[2,2'-[2-(N,N-dimethylamino)ethyloxycarbonyl]phenylazo]-1,3-dihydroxybenzene, dihydrochloride | 407-010-8 | 118208-02-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H411 | | | |
611-073-00-9 | dimethyl 3,3'-(N-(4-(4-bromo-2,6-dicyanophenylazo)-3-hydroxyphenyl)imino)dipropionate | 407-310-9 | 122630-55-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-074-00-4 | reaction mass of: sodium/potassium (3-(4-(5-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)-2-methoxy-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-oxidophenylazo)-2,5,7-trisulfonato-4-naphtholato)copper(II); sodium/potassium (3-(4-(5-(5-chloro-4,6-difluoropyrimidin-2-ylamino)-2-methoxy-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-oxidophenylazo)-2,5,7-trisulfonato-4-naphtholato)copper(II) | 407-100-7 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-075-00-X | reaction mass of: tris(3,5,5-trimethylhexylammonium) 4-amino-3-(4-(4-(2-amino-4-hydroxyphenylazo)anilino)-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-6-phenylhydrazononaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; tris(3,5,5-trimethylhexylammonium) 4-amino-3-(4-(4-(4-amino-2-hydroxyphenylazo)anilino)-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-6-phenylhydrazononaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate (2:1) | 406-000-0 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
611-076-00-5 | 3-(2,6-dichloro-4-nitrophenylazo)-1-methyl-2-phenylindole | 406-280-4 | 117584-16-4 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
611-077-00-0 | dilithium disodium (5,5'-diamino-(μ-4,4'-dihydroxy-1:2-κ-2,O4,O4',-3,3'-[3,3'-dihydroxy-1:2-κ-2-O3,O3'-biphenyl-4,4'-ylenebisazo-1:2-(N3,N4-η:N3',N4'-η)]-dinaphthalene-2,7-disulfonato(8)))dicuprate(2-) | 407-230-4 | 126637-70-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
611-078-00-6 | (2,2'-(3,3'-dioxidobiphenyl-4,4'-diyldiazo)bis(6-(4-(3-(diethylamino)propylamino)-6-(3-(diethylammonio)propylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-3-sulfonato-1-naphtholato))dicopper(II) acetate lactate | 407-240-9 | 159604-94-1 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-079-00-1 | disodium 7-[4-chloro-6-(N-ethyl-o-toluidino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-4-hydroxy-3-(4-methoxy-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-naphthalenesulfonate | 410-390-8 | 147703-64-8 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
611-080-00-7 | sodium 3-(2-acetamido-4-(4-(2-hydroxybutoxy)phenylazo)phenylazo)benzenesulfonate | 410-150-2 | 147703-65-9 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-081-00-2 | tetrasodium [7-(2,5-dihydroxy-KO2-7-sulfonato-6-[4-(2,5,6-trichloro-pyrimidin-4-ylamino)phenylazo]-(N1,N7-N)-1-naphthylazo)-8-hydroxy-KO8-naphthalene-1,3,5-trisulfonato(6-)]cuprate(II) | 411-470-5 | 141048-13-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
611-082-00-8 | reaction mass of: pentasodium bis(1-(3(or 5)-(4-anilino-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxidophenylazo)-6-nitro-4-sulfonato-2-naphtholato)ferrate(1-); pentasodium [(1-(3-(4-anilino-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxidophenylazo)-6-nitro-4-sulfonato-2-naphtholato)-(5-(4-anilino-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxidophenylazo)-6-nitro-4-sulfonato-2-naphtholato]ferrate(1-) | 407-570-3 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-083-00-3 | reaction mass of: 2-[N-ethyl-4-[(5,6-dichlorobenzothiazol-2-yl)azo]-m-toludino]ethyl acetate; 2-[N-ethyl-4-[(6,7-dichlorobenzothiazol-2-yl)azo]-m-toludino]ethyl acetate (1:1) | 411-560-4 | — | STOT RE 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H372 ** H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H317 H411 | | | |
611-084-00-9 | reaction mass of: N-(4-chlorophenyl)-4-(2,5-dichloro-4-(dimethylsulfamoyl)phenylazo)-3-hydroxy-2-naphthalenecarboxamide; N-(4-chlorophenyl)-4-(2,5-dichloro-4-(methylsulfamoyl)phenylazo)-3-hydroxy-2-naphthalenecarboxamide | 412-550-2 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-085-00-4 | reaction mass of: 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-2-(2-hydroxy-ethylamino)-4-methyl-6-[3-(2-phenoxyethoxy)propylamino]pyridine; 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-6-(2-hydroxy-ethylamino)-4-methyl-2-[3-(2-phenoxyethoxy)propylamino]pyridine; 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-2-amino-4-methyl-6-[3-(3-hydroxypropoxy)propylamino]pyridine; 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-6-amino-4-methyl-2-[3-(3-methoxypropoxy)propylamino]pyridine | 411-880-4 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-086-00-X | monolithium 5-[[2,4-dihydroxy-5-[(2-hydroxy-3,5-dinitrophenyl)azo]phenyl]azo]-2-naphthalenesulfonate], iron complex, monohydrate | 411-360-7 | — | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
611-087-00-5 | reaction mass of: 3-((5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-1,4-dimethyl-2-hydroxyl-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)azo)-benzoyloxy-2-phenoxyethane; 3-((5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-1,4-dimethyl-2-hydroxy-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)azo)-benzoyloxy-2-ethyloxy-2-(ethylphenol) | 411-710-9 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-088-00-0 | reaction mass of: trilithium 4-amino-3-((4-((4-((2-amino-4-hydroxyphenyl)azo)phenyl)amino)-3-sulfophenyl)azo)-5-hydroxy-6-(phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trilithium 4-amino-3-((4-((4-((4-amino-2-hydroxyphenyl)azo)phenyl)amino)-3-sulfophenyl)azo)-5-hydroxy-6-(phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 411-890-9 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H412 | | | |
611-089-00-6 | 2-((4-(ethyl-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)-2-methylphenyl)azo)-6-methoxy-3-methyl-benzothiazolium methylsulfate | 411-100-2 | 136213-73-5 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
611-090-00-1 | 2,5-dibutoxy-4-(morpholin-4-yl)benzenediazonium 4-methylbenzenesulfonate | 413-290-2 | 93672-52-7 | Self-react. C Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H242 H302 H318 H317 H412 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H242 H302 H318 H317 H412 | | | T |
611-091-00-7 | sodium (1,0-1,95)/lithium (0,05-1) 5-((5-((5-chloro-6-fluoro-pyrimidin-4-yl)amino)-2-sulfonatophenyl)azo)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-1,4-dimethyl-2-oxo-3-pyridinemethylsulfonate | 413-470-0 | 134595-59-8 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-092-00-2 | tert-(dodecyl/tetradecyl)-ammonium bis(3-(4-((5-(1,1-dimethyl-propyl)-2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)azo)-3-methyl-5-hydroxy-(1H)pyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulfonamidato)chromate | 413-210-6 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-093-00-8 | sodium 2-(4-(4-fluoro-6-(2-sulfo-ethylamino)-[1,3,5]triazin-2-ylamino)-2-ureido-phenylazo)-5-(4-sulfophenylazo)benzene-1-sulfonate | 410-770-3 | 146177-84-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-094-00-3 | reaction mass of: 2-[2-acetylamino-4-[N,N-bis[2-ethoxy-carbonyloxy)ethyl]amino]phenylazo]-5,6-dichloro-1,3-benzothiazole; 2-[2-acetylamino-4-[N,N-bis[2-ethoxy-carbonyloxy)ethyl]amino]phenylazo]-6,7-dichloro-1,3-benzotriazole (1:1) | 411-600-0 | 143145-93-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-095-00-9 | hexasodium 1,1'-[(1-amino-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonate-2,7-naphthalenediyl)bis(azo(4-sulfonate-1,3-phenyl)imino[6-[(4-chloro-3-sulfonatophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2,4-diyl]]]bis[3-carboxypyridinium] dihydroxide | 412-240-7 | 89797-03-5 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-096-00-4 | methyl N-[3-acetylamino)-4-(2-cyano-4-nitrophenylazo)phenyl]-N-[(1-methoxy)acetyl]glycinate | 413-040-2 | 149850-30-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-097-00-X | reaction mass of iron complexes of: 1,3-dihydroxy-4-[(5-phenylaminosulfonyl)-2-hydroxyphenylazo]-n-(5-amino-sulfonyl-2-hydroxyphenylazo)benzene and: 1,3-dihydroxy-4-[(5-phenylaminosulfonyl)-2-hydroxyphenylazo]-n-[4-(4-nitro-2-sulfophenylamino)phenylazo]benzene (n=2,5,6) | 414-150-3 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-098-00-5 | tetrakis(tetramethylammonium)3,3'-(6-(2-hydroxyethylamino)1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diylbisimino(2-methyl-4,1-phenyleneazo))bisnaphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 405-950-3 | 131013-83-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H301 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H412 | | | |
611-099-00-0 | (methylenebis(4,1-phenylenazo(1-(3-(dimethylamino)propyl)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxopyridine-5,3-diyl)))-1,1'-dipyridinium dichloride dihydrochloride | 401-500-5 | 118658-99-4 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H411 | | | |
611-100-00-4 | potassium sodium 3,3'-(3(or4)-methyl-1,2-phenylenebis(imino(6-chloro)-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diylimino(2-acetamido-5-methoxy)-4,1-phenylenazo)dinaphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 403-810-6 | 140876-13-7 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
611-101-00-X | 2'-(4-chloro-3-cyano-5-formyl-2-thienyl)azo-5'-diethylaminoacetanilide | 405-200-5 | 104366-25-8 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-103-00-0 | trisodium (1-(3-carboxylato-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-7-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-amido)nickel(II) | 407-110-1 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
611-104-00-6 | reaction mass of: trisodium (2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)(2(or 4or 6)-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-4(or 2or 6)-(4-(4-nitro-2-sulfonatoanilino)phenylazo)phenolato)ferrate(1-); trisodium bis(2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)ferrate(1-); trisodium (2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)(2(or 4 or 6)-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-4(or 2 or 6)-(4-nitro-2-sulfonatophenylazo)phenolato)ferrate(1-); trisodium (2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)(2(or 4 or 6)-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-4(or 2 or 6)-(3-sulfonatophenylazo)phenolato)ferrate(1-); disodium 3,3'-(2,4-dihydroxy-1,3(or 1,5 or 3,5)-phenylenediazo)dibenzenesulfonate | 406-870-1 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-105-00-1 | sodium 4-(4-chloro-6-(N-ethylanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-(1-(2-chlorophenyl)-5-hydroxy-3-methyl-1H-pyrazol-4-ylazo)benzenesulfonate | 407-800-2 | 136213-75-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-106-00-7 | hexasodium 4,4'-dihydroxy-3,3'-bis[2-sulfonato-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo]-7,7'[p-phenylenebis[imino(6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl)imino]]dinaphthalene-2-sulfonate | 410-180-6 | 157627-99-1 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
611-107-00-2 | potassium sodium 4-(4-chloro-6-(3,6-disulfonato-7-(5,8-disulfonato-naphthalen-2-ylazo)-8-hydroxy-naphthalen-1-ylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-5-hydroxy-6-(4-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)-phenylazo)-naphthalene-1,7-disulfonate | 412-490-7 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-108-00-8 | disodium 5-((4-((4-chloro-3-sulfonatophenyl)azo)-1-naphthyl)azo)-8-(phenylamino)-1-naphthalenesulfonate | 413-600-6 | 6527-62-4 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
611-109-00-3 | reaction products of: copper(II) sulfate and tetrasodium 2,4-bis[6-(2-methoxy-5-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-7-sulfonato-2-naphthylamino]-6-(2-hydroxyethylamino)-1,3,5-triazine (2:1) | 407-710-3 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-110-00-9 | tetra-sodium/lithium 4,4'-bis-(8-amino-3,6-disulfonato-1-naphthol-2-ylazo)-3-methylazobenzene | 408-210-8 | 124605-82-9 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-111-00-4 | disodium 2-[[4-(2-chloroethylsulfonyl)phenyl]-[(2-hydroxy-5-sulfo-3-[3-[2-(2-(sulfooxy)ethylsulfonyl)ethylazo]-4-sulfobenzoato(3-)cuprate(1-) | 414-230-8 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-112-00-X | tetrasodium 4-hydroxy-5-[4-[3-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)phenylamino]-6-morpholin-4-yl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 413-070-6 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-113-00-5 | lithium sodium (2-(((5-((2,5-dichlorophenyl)azo)-2-hydroxyphenyl)methylene)amino)benzoato(2-))(2-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1-phenyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-5-sulfobenzoato(3-)) chromate(2-) | 414-280-0 | 149626-00-6 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
611-114-00-0 | lithium sodium (4-((5-chloro-2-hydroxyphenyl)azo)-2,4-dihydro-5-methyl-3H-pyrazol-3-onato(2-))(3-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-1-(4-methylphenyl)-5-oxo-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-4-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzenesulfonato(3-)) chromate(2-) | 414-250-7 | 149564-66-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H412 | | | |
611-115-00-6 | trilithium bis(4-((4-(diethylamino)-2-hydroxyphenyl)azo)-3-hydroxy-1-naphthalenesulfonato(3-))chromate(3-) | 414-290-5 | 149564-65-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
611-116-00-1 | reaction mass of: trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(2,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-4-ylamino)-propylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(2,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-4-ylamino)-1-methyl-ethylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(4,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-2-ylamino)-propylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(4,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-2-ylamino)-1-methyl-ethylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 414-620-8 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
611-117-00-7 | 1,3-bis{6-fluoro-4-[1,5-disulfo-4-(3-aminocarbonyl-1-ethyl-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-pyrid-2-on-5-ylazo)-phenyl-2-ylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}propane lithium-, sodium salt | 415-100-3 | 149850-29-3 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-118-00-2 | sodium 1,2-bis[4-[4-{4-(4-sulfophenylazo)-2-sulfophenylazo}-2-ureido-phenyl-amino]-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-propane, sodium salt | 413-990-8 | | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
611-119-00-8 | tetrasodium 4-[4-chloro-6-(4-methyl-2-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-6-(4,5-dimethyl-2-sulfophenylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 415-400-4 | 148878-22-2 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
611-120-00-3 | 5-{4-[5-amino-2-[4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)phenylazo]-4-sulfo-phenylamino]-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfo-naphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonicacid sodium salt | 418-340-7 | 157707-94-3 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
611-121-00-9 | main component 6 (isomer): asym. 1:2 Cr(III)-complex of: A: 3-hydroxy-4-(2-hydroxy-naphthalene-1-ylazo)naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid, Na-salt and B: 1-[2-hydroxy-5-(4-methoxy-phenylazo)phenylazo]naphthalene-2-ol; main component 8 (isomer): asym. 1:2 Cr-complex of: A: 3-hydroxy-4-(2-hydroxy-naphthalene-1-ylazo)-naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid, Na-salt and B: 1-[2-hydroxy-5-(4-methoxy-phenylazo)-phenylazo]-naphthalene-2-ol | 417-280-9 | 30785-74-1 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
611-122-00-4 | hexasodium (di[N-(3-(4-[5-(5-amino-3-methyl-1-phenylpyrazol-4-yl-azo)-2,4-disulfo-anilino]-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)phenyl)-sulfamoyl](di-sulfo)-phthalocyaninato)nickel | 417-250-5 | 151436-99-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
611-123-00-X | 3-(2,4-bis(4-((5-(4,6-bis(2-aminopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-2,7-disulfonaphthalen-3-yl)azo)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-6-ylamino)propyldiethylammonium lactate | 424-310-4 | 178452-66-9 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
611-124-00-5 | reaction mass of: pentasodium 5-amino-3-(5-{4-chloro-6-[4-(2-sulfoxyethoxysulfonato)phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-6-[5-(2,3-dibromopropionylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; pentasodium 5-amino-6-[5-(2-bromoacryloylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-3-(5-{4-chloro-6-[4-(2-sulfoxyethoxysulfonato)phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; tetrasodium 5-amino-3-[5-{4-chloro-6-[4-(vinylsulfonyl)phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-6-[5-(2,3-dibromopropionylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 424-320-9 | | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
611-125-00-0 | reaction mass of: Disodium 6-[3-carboxy-4,5-dihydro-5-oxo-4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazolin-4-yl-azo]-3-[2-oxido-4-(ethensulfonyl)-5-methoxyphenylazo]-4-oxidonaphthalene-2-sulfonate copper (II) complex; Disodium 6-[3-carboxy-4,5-dihydro-5-oxo-4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazolin-4-yl-azo]-3-[2-oxido-4-(2-hydroxyethylsulfonyl)-5-methoxyphenylazo]-4-oxidonaphthalene-2-sulfonate copper (II) complex | 423-940-7 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
611-126-00-6 | 2,6-bis-(2-(4-(4-amino-phenylamino)-phenylazo)-1,3-dimethyl-3H-imidazolium)-4-dimethylamino-1,3,5-triazine, dichloride | 424-120-1 | 174514-06-8 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
611-127-00-1 | pentasodium 4-amino-6-(5-(4-(2-ethyl-phenylamino)-6-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 423-790-2 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | G |
611-128-00-7 | N,N'-bis{6-chloro-4-[6-(4-vinylsulfonylphenylazo)-2,7-disulfonicacid-5-hydroxynapht-4-ylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)ethane-1,2-diamine, sodium salt | 419-500-9 | 171599-85-2 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
611-129-00-2 | reaction mass of: 5-[(4-[(7-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfo-2-naphthyl)azo]-2,5-diethoxyphenyl)azo]-2-[(3-phosphonophenyl)azo]benzoic acid; 5-[(4-[(7-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfo-2-naphthyl)azo]-2,5-diethoxyphenyl)azo]-3-[(3-phosphonophenyl)azo]benzoic acid | 418-230-9 | 163879-69-4 | Expl. 1.3 **** Repr. 2 STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H203 H361f *** H373 ** H317 H411 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H203 H361f *** H373 ** H317 H411 | | | |
611-130-00-8 | tetra-ammonium 2-[6-[7-(2-carboxylato-phenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonato-1-naphthylamino]-4-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]benzoate | 418-520-5 | 183130-96-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H410 | | | |
611-131-00-3 | 2-[2-hydroxy-3-(2-chlorophenyl)carbamoyl-1-naphthylazo]-7-[2-hydroxy-3-(3-methylphenyl)carbamoyl-1-naphthylazo]fluoren-9-one | 420-580-2 | 151798-26-4 | Repr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 4 | H360D *** H413 | GHS08 Dgr | H360D *** H413 | | | |
611-132-00-9 | pentasodium bis{7-[4-(1-butyl-5-cyano-1,2-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxo-3-pyridylazo)phenylsulfonylamino]-5'-nitro-3,3'-disulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato} chromate (III) | 419-210-2 | 178452-71-6 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
611-133-00-4 | Product by process iron complex of azo dyestuffs obtained by coupling a mixture of diazotized 2-amino-1-hydroxybenzene-4-sulfanilide and 2-amino-1-hydroxybenzene-4-sulfonamide with resorcin, the obtained mixture being subsequently submitted to a second coupling reaction with a mixture of diazotized 3-aminobenzene-1-sulfonic acid (metanilic acid) and 4'-amino-4-nitro-1,1'-diphenylamine-2-sulfonic acid and metallization with ferric chloride, sodium salt | 419-260-5 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
611-134-00-X | trisodium 2-{α[2-hydroxy-3-[4-chloro-6-[4-(2,3-dibromopropionylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-5-sulfonatophenylazo]-benzylidenehydrazino}-4-sulfonatobenzoate, copper complex | 423-770-3 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H411 | | | |
611-135-00-5 | reaction product of: 2-[[4-amino-2-ureidophenylazo]-5-[(2-(sulfooxy)ethyl)sulfonyl]]benzenesulfonic acid with 2,4,6-trifluoropyrimidine and partial hydrolysis to the corresponding vinylsulfonyl derivative,mixed potassium/sodium salt | 424-250-9 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 H412 | | | |
611-136-00-0 | 2-{4-(2-ammoniopropylamino)-6-[4-hydroxy-3-(5-methyl-2-methoxy-4-sulfamoylphenylazo)-2-sulfonatonaphth-7-ylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-aminopropyl formate | 424-260-3 | — | Repr. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361f *** H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H361f *** H318 H411 | | | |
611-137-00-6 | 6-tert-butyl-7-chloro-3-tridecyl-7,7a-dihydro-1H-pyrazolo[5,1-c]-1,2,4-triazole | 419-870-1 | 159038-16-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
611-138-00-1 | 2-(4-aminophenyl)-6-tert-butyl-1H-pyrazolo[1,5-b][1,2,4]triazole | 415-910-7 | 152828-25-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
611-140-00-2 | azafenidin (ISO); 2-(2,4-dichloro-5-prop-2-ynyloxyphenyl)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-1,2,4-triazolo[4,3-a]pyridin-3(2H)-one | — | 68049-83-2 | Repr. 1B STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360Df H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360Df H373 ** H410 | | M = 1000 | |
612-001-00-9 | mono-methylamine; [1] di-methylamine; [2] tri-methylamine [3] | 200-820-0 [1] 204-697-4 [2] 200-875-0 [3] | 74-89-5 [1] 124-40-3 [2] 75-50-3 [3] | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H220 H332 H335 H315 H318 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H220 H332 H335 H315 H318 | | * Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % Eye Dam. 1; H318: C ≥ 5 % Eye Irrit. 2; H319: 0,5 % ≤ C 612-001-01-6 | mono-methylamine ... %; [1] di-methylamine ... %; [2] tri-methylamine ... % [3] | 200-820-0 [1] 204-697-4 [2] 200-875-0 [3] | 74-89-5 [1] 124-40-3 [2] 75-50-3 [3] | Flam. Liq. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H224 H332 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H332 H302 H314 | | * STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | B |
612-002-00-4 | ethylamine | 200-834-7 | 75-04-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H220 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS07 Dgr | H220 H319 H335 | | | U |
612-003-00-X | diethylamine | 203-716-3 | 109-89-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
612-004-00-5 | triethylamine | 204-469-4 | 121-44-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
612-005-00-0 | butylamine | 203-699-2 | 109-73-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
612-006-00-6 | ethylenediamine; 1,2-diaminoethane | 203-468-6 | 107-15-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H312 H302 H314 H334 H317 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H312 H302 H314 H334 H317 | | | |
612-007-00-1 | 2-aminopropane; isopropylamine | 200-860-9 | 75-31-0 | Flam. Liq. 1 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H224 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H224 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
612-008-00-7 | aniline | 200-539-3 | 62-53-3 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H341 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H318 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H341 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H318 H317 H400 | | * STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 1 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,2 % ≤ C 612-009-00-2 | salts of aniline | — | — | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H341 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H318 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H341 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H318 H317 H400 | | * STOT RE 1; H372: C ≥ 1 % STOT RE 2; H373: 0,2 % ≤ C 612-010-00-8 | chloroanilines (with exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex) | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | C |
612-011-00-3 | 4-nitrosoaniline | 211-535-6 | 659-49-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | |
612-012-00-9 | o-nitroaniline; [1] m-nitroaniline; [2] p-nitroaniline [3] | 201-855-4 [1] 202-729-1 [2] 202-810-1 [3] | 88-74-4 [1] 99-09-2 [2] 100-01-6 [3] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | | | C |
612-013-00-4 | 3-aminobenzene sulphonic acid; metanilic acid | 204-473-6 | 121-47-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | |
612-014-00-X | sulphanilic acid; 4-aminobenzenesulphonic acid | 204-482-5 | 121-57-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 | | | |
612-015-00-5 | N-methylaniline | 202-870-9 | 100-61-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | |
612-016-00-0 | N,N-dimethylaniline | 204-493-5 | 121-69-7 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H331 H311 H301 H411 | | | |
612-017-00-6 | N-methyl-N,2,4,6-tetranitroaniline; tetryl | 207-531-9 | 479-45-8 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H201 H331 H311 H301 H373 ** | | | |
612-018-00-1 | bis(2,4,6-trinitrophenyl)amine; hexyl | 205-037-8 | 131-73-7 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | | | |
612-019-00-7 | dipicrylamine, ammonium salt | 220-639-0 | 2844-92-0 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS01 GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H201 H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | EUH001 | | |
612-020-00-2 | 1-naphthylamine | 205-138-7 | 134-32-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
612-022-00-3 | 2-naphthylamine | 202-080-4 | 91-59-8 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H411 | | Carc. 1A; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
612-023-00-9 | phenylhydrazine; [1] phenylhydrazinium chloride; [2] phenylhydrazine hydrochloride; [3] phenylhydrazinium sulphate (2:1) [4] | 202-873-5 [1] 200-444-7 [2] 248-259-0 [3] 257-622-2 [4] | 100-63-0 [1] 59-88-1 [2] 27140-08-5 [3] 52033-74-6 [4] | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H350 H341 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H319 H315 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H331 H311 H301 H372 ** H319 H315 H317 H400 | | | |
612-024-00-4 | m-toluidine; 3-aminotoluene | 203-583-1 | 108-44-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 | | | |
612-025-00-X | nitrotoluidines, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | C |
612-026-00-5 | diphenylamine | 204-539-4 | 122-39-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H410 | | | |
612-027-00-0 | xylidines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex; dimethyl anilines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | C |
612-028-00-6 | p-phenylenediamine | 203-404-7 | 106-50-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
612-029-00-1 | benzene-1,4-diamine dihydrochloride; p-phenylenediamine dihydrochloride | 210-834-9 | 624-18-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
612-030-00-7 | 2-methyl-p-phenylenediamine sulphate [1] | 210-431-8 [1] 228-871-4 [2] | 615-50-9 [1] 6369-59-1 [2] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H332 H312 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H332 H312 H317 H411 | | | |
612-031-00-2 | N,N-dimethylbenzene-1,3-diamine; [1] 4-amino-N,N-dimethylaniline; 3-amino-N,N'-dimethylaniline [2] | 220-623-3 [1] 202-807-5 [2] | 2836-04-6 [1] 99-98-9 [2] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 | | | C |
612-032-00-8 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyl-p-phenylenediamine | 202-831-6 | 100-22-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | |
612-033-00-3 | 2-aminophenol | 202-431-1 | 95-55-6 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H341 H332 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H341 H332 H302 | | | |
612-034-00-9 | 2-amino-4,6-dinitrophenol; picramic acid ( 612-034-01-6 | 2-amino-4,6-dinitrophenol; picramic acid; [≥ 20 % water] | 202-544-6 | 96-91-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H312 H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H412 | | | G |
612-035-00-4 | 2-methoxyaniline; o-anisidine | 201-963-1 | 90-04-0 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H350 H341 H331 H311 H301 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H341 H331 H311 H301 | | | |
612-036-00-X | 3,3'-dimethoxybenzidine; o-dianisidine | 204-355-4 | 119-90-4 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 | | | |
612-037-00-5 | salts of 3,3'-dimethoxybenzidine; salts of o-dianisidine | — | — | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 | | | A |
612-038-00-0 | 2-nitro-p-anisidine; 4-methoxy-2-nitroaniline | 202-547-2 | 96-96-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H412 | | | |
612-039-00-6 | 2-ethoxyaniline; o-phenetidine | 202-356-4 | 94-70-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** | | | |
612-040-00-1 | 2,4-dinitroaniline | 202-553-5 | 97-02-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H411 | | | |
612-041-00-7 | 4,4'-bi-o-toluidine | 204-358-0 | 119-93-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H411 | | | |
612-042-00-2 | benzidine; 1,1'-biphenyl-4,4'-diamine; 4,4'-diaminobiphenyl; biphenyl-4,4'-ylenediamine | 202-199-1 | 92-87-5 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H410 | | Carc. 1A; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
612-043-00-8 | N,N'-dimethylbenzidine | — | 2810-74-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | |
612-044-00-3 | N,N'-diacetylbenzidine | 210-338-2 | 613-35-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H332 H312 H302 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 | | | |
612-046-00-4 | allylamine | 203-463-9 | 107-11-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H331 H311 H301 H411 | | | |
612-047-00-X | benzylamine | 202-854-1 | 100-46-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | | |
612-048-00-5 | dipropylamine | 205-565-9 | 142-84-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 1 % | |
612-049-00-0 | di-n-butylamine; [1] di-sec-butylamine [2] | 203-921-8 [1] 210-937-9 [2] | 111-92-2 [1] 626-23-3 [2] | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H226 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H312 H302 | | | |
612-050-00-6 | cyclohexylamine | 203-629-0 | 108-91-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
612-051-00-1 | 4,4'-diaminodiphenylmethane; 4,4'-methylenedianiline | 202-974-4 | 101-77-9 | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 STOT SE 1 STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H341 H370 ** H373 ** H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H370 ** H373 ** H317 H411 | | | |
612-052-00-7 | (S)-sec-butylamine; (S)-2-aminobutane; [1] (R)-sec-butylamine; (R)-2-aminobutane; [2] sec-butylamine; 2-aminobutane [3] | 208-164-7 [1] 236-232-6 [2] 237-732-7 [3] | 513-49-5 [1] 13250-12-9 [2] 13952-84-6 [3] | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H225 H332 H302 H314 H400 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 H314 H400 | | | C |
612-053-00-2 | N-ethylaniline | 203-135-5 | 103-69-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** | | | |
612-054-00-8 | N,N-diethylaniline | 202-088-8 | 91-66-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | * | |
612-055-00-3 | N-methyl-o-toluidine; [1] N-methyl-m-toluidine; [2] N-methyl-p-toluidine [3] | 210-260-9 [1] 211-795-0 [2] 210-769-6 [3] | 611-21-2 [1] 696-44-6 [2] 623-08-5 [3] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | | | C |
612-056-00-9 | N,N-dimethyl-p-toluidine; [1] N,N-dimethyl-m-toluidine; [2] N,N-dimethyl-o-toluidine [3] | 202-805-4 [1] 204-495-6 [2] 210-199-8 [3] | 99-97-8 [1] 121-72-2 [2] 609-72-3 [3] | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H412 | | * | C |
612-057-00-4 | piperazine | 203-808-3 | 110-85-0 | Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H334 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H314 H334 H317 H412 | | | |
612-058-00-X | 2,2'-iminodiethylamine; diethylenetriamine | 203-865-4 | 111-40-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H312 H302 H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H317 | | | |
612-059-00-5 | 3,6-diazaoctanethylenediamin; triethylenetetramine | 203-950-6 | 112-24-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H312 H314 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H314 H317 H412 | | | |
612-060-00-0 | 3,6,9-triazaundecamethylenediamine; tetraethylenepentamine | 203-986-2 | 112-57-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H317 H411 | | | |
612-061-00-6 | 3-aminopropyldimethylamine; N,N-dimethyl-1,3-diaminopropane | 203-680-9 | 109-55-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H302 H314 H317 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H302 H314 H317 | | | |
612-062-00-1 | 3-aminopropyldiethylamine; N,N-diethyl-1,3-diaminopropane | 203-236-4 | 104-78-9 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H226 H312 H302 H314 H317 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H312 H302 H314 H317 | | | |
612-063-00-7 | 3,3'-iminodi(propylamine); dipropylenetriamine | 200-261-2 | 56-18-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Skin Sens. 1 | H330 H311 H302 H314 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H311 H302 H314 H317 | | | |
612-064-00-2 | 3,6,9,12-tetra-azatetradecamethylenediamine; pentacthylenehexamine | 223-775-9 | 4067-16-7 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H410 | | | |
612-065-00-8 | polyethlyenepolyamines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
612-066-00-3 | dicyclohexylamine | 202-980-7 | 101-83-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H410 | | | |
612-067-00-9 | 3-aminomethyl-3,5,5-trimethylcyclohexylamine | 220-666-8 | 2855-13-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H312 H302 H314 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H317 H412 | | | |
612-068-00-4 | 3,3'-dichlorobenzidine; 3,3'-dichlorobiphenyl-4,4'-ylenediamine | 202-109-0 | 91-94-1 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H312 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H312 H317 H410 | | | |
612-069-00-X | salts of 3,3'-dichlorobenzidine; salts of 3,3'-dichlorobiphenyl-4,4'-ylenediamine | — | — | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H312 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H312 H317 H410 | | | A |
612-070-00-5 | salts of benzidine | 208-519-6 208-520-1 244-236-4 252-984-8 | 531-85-1 531-86-2 21136-70-9 36341-27-2 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H410 | | | A |
612-071-00-0 | salts of 2-naphthylamine | 209-030-0 210-313-6 | 553-00-4 612-52-2 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H411 | | | A |
612-072-00-6 | biphenyl-4-ylamine; xenylamine; 4-aminobiphenyl | 202-177-1 | 92-67-1 | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 | | | |
612-073-00-1 | salts of biphenyl-4-ylamine; salts of xenylamine; salts of 4-aminobiphenyl | — | — | Carc. 1A Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 | | | A |
612-074-00-7 | benzyldimethylamine | 203-149-1 | 103-83-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 H412 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 H412 | | | |
612-075-00-2 | 2-aminoethyldimethylamine; 2-dimethylaminoethylamine | 203-541-2 | 108-00-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H225 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
612-076-00-8 | ethyldimethylamine | 209-940-8 | 598-56-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H332 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 H314 | | | |
612-077-00-3 | dimethylnitrosoamine; N-nitrosodimethylamine | 200-549-8 | 62-75-9 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H330 H301 H372 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H330 H301 H372 ** H411 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,001 % | |
612-078-00-9 | 2,2'-dichloro-4,4'-methylenedianiline; 4,4'-methylene bis(2-chloroaniline) | 202-918-9 | 101-14-4 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H410 | | | |
612-079-00-4 | salts of 2,2'-dichloro-4,4'-methylenedianiline; salts of 4,4'-methylenebis(2-chloroaniline) | — | — | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H410 | | | A |
612-080-00-X | 4-amino-N,N-diethylaniline; N,N-diethyl-p-phenylendiamine | 202-214-1 | 93-05-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H301 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H301 H314 | | | |
612-081-00-5 | salts of 4,4'-bi-o-toluidine; salts of 3,3'-dimethylbenzidine; salts of o-tolidine | 210-322-5 265-294-7 277-985-0 | 612-82-8 64969-36-4 74753-18-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H411 | | | A |
612-082-00-0 | thiourea; thiocarbamide | 200-543-5 | 62-56-6 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H361d *** H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H361d *** H302 H411 | | | |
612-083-00-6 | 1-methyl-3-nitro-1-nitrosoguanidine | 200-730-1 | 70-25-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H332 H319 H315 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H332 H319 H315 H411 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
612-084-00-1 | dapsone; 4,4'-diamino diphenyl sulfone | 201-248-4 | 80-08-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
612-085-00-7 | 4,4'-methylenedi-o-toluidine | 212-658-8 | 838-88-0 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H317 H410 | | | |
612-086-00-2 | amitraz (ISO); N,N-bis(2,4-xylyliminomethyl) methylamine | 251-375-4 | 33089-61-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H317 H410 | | M = 10 | |
612-087-00-8 | guazatine (ISO) | | 108173-90-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H312 H302 H335 H315 H318 H410 | | | |
612-088-00-3 | simazine (ISO); 6-chloro-N,N'-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine | 204-535-2 | 122-34-9 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
612-089-00-9 | 1,5-naphthylenediamine | 218-817-8 | 2243-62-1 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
612-090-00-4 | 2,2'-(nitrosoimino)bisethanol | 214-237-4 | 1116-54-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
612-091-00-X | o-toluidine; 2-aminotoluene | 202-429-0 | 95-53-4 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 | H350 H331 H301 H319 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H301 H319 H400 | | | |
612-092-00-5 | N,N'-(2,2-dimethylpropylidene)hexamethylenediamine | 401-660-6 | 1000-78-8 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 | | | |
612-093-00-0 | 3,5-dichloro-4-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)aniline | 401-790-3 | 104147-32-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
612-094-00-6 | 4-(2-chloro-4-trifluoromethyl)phenoxy-2-fluoroaniline hydrochloride | 402-190-4 | — | STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H372 ** H302 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H302 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
612-095-00-1 | benzyl-2-hydroxydodecyldimethylammonium benzoate | 402-610-6 | 113694-52-3 | Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H302 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H302 H410 | | | |
612-096-00-7 | 4,4'-carbonimidoylbis[N,N-dimethylaniline] | 207-762-5 | 492-80-8 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H302 H319 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H319 H411 | | | |
612-097-00-2 | salts of 4,4'-carbonimidoylbis[N,N-dimethylaniline] | — | — | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H302 H319 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H319 H411 | | | A |
612-098-00-8 | nitrosodipropylamine | 210-698-0 | 621-64-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H411 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,001 % | |
612-099-00-3 | 4-methyl-m-phenylenediamine; 2,4-toluenediamine | 202-453-1 | 95-80-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H301 H312 H319 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H301 H312 H319 H317 H411 | | | |
612-100-00-7 | propylenediamine | 201-155-9 | 78-90-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A | H226 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
612-101-00-2 | methenamine; hexamethylenetetramine | 202-905-8 | 100-97-0 | Flam. Sol. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H228 H334 H317 | GHS02 GHS08 Dgr | H228 H334 H317 | | | |
612-102-00-8 | N,N-bis(3-aminopropyl)methylamine | 203-336-8 | 105-83-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H331 H311 H302 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H311 H302 H314 | | | |
612-103-00-3 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethylethylenediamine | 203-744-6 | 110-18-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H332 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 H314 | | | |
612-104-00-9 | hexamethylenediamine | 204-679-6 | 124-09-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Corr. 1B | H312 H302 H335 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H335 H314 | | | |
612-105-00-4 | 2-piperazin-1-ylethylamine | 205-411-0 | 140-31-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H312 H302 H314 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H317 H412 | | | |
612-106-00-X | 2,6-diethylaniline | 209-445-7 | 579-66-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | — | H302 | | | |
612-107-00-5 | 1-phenylethylamine; [1] DL-α-methylbenzylamine [2] | 202-706-6 [1] 210-545-8 [2] | 98-84-0 [1] 618-36-0 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | | |
612-108-00-0 | 3-aminopropyltriethoxysilane | 213-048-4 | 919-30-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 | | | |
612-109-00-6 | bis(2-dimethylaminoethyl)(methyl)amine | 221-201-1 | 3030-47-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H311 H302 H314 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H311 H302 H314 | | | |
612-110-00-1 | 2,2'-dimethyl-4,4'-methylenebis(cyclohexylamine) | 229-962-1 | 6864-37-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H302 H314 H411 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H302 H314 H411 | | | |
612-111-00-7 | 2-methyl-m-phenylenediamine; 2,6-toluenediamine | 212-513-9 | 823-40-5 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H341 H312 H302 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H341 H312 H302 H317 H411 | | | |
612-112-00-2 | p-anisidine; 4-methoxyaniline | 203-254-2 | 104-94-9 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H373 ** H400 | | | |
612-113-00-8 | 6-methyl-2,4-bis(methylthio)phenylene-1,3-diamine | 403-240-8 | 106264-79-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
612-114-00-3 | R,R-2-hydroxy-5-(1-hydroxy-2-(4-phenylbut-2-ylamino)ethyl)benzamide hydrogen 2,3-bis(benzoyloxy)succinate | 404-390-7 | — | Flam. Sol. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H228 H317 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H228 H317 H412 | | | |
612-115-00-9 | dimethyldioctadecylammonium hydrogen sulfate | 404-050-8 | 123312-54-9 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H319 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H413 | | | |
612-116-00-4 | C8-18alkylbis(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium bis(2-ethylhexyl)phosphate | 404-690-8 | 68132-19-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
612-117-00-X | C12-14-tert-alkylamine, methylphosphonic acid salt | 404-750-3 | 119415-07-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H411 | | | |
612-118-00-5 | A reaction mass of: (1,3-dioxo-2H-benz(de)isoquinolin-2-ylpropyl)hexadecyldimethylammonium 4-toluenesulfonate; (1,3-dioxo-2H-benz(de)isoquinolin-2-ylpropyl)hexadecyldimethylammonium bromide | 405-080-4 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
612-119-00-0 | benzyldimethyloctadecylammonium 3-nitrobenzenesulfonate | 405-330-2 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H410 | | | |
612-120-00-6 | aclonifen (ISO); 2-chloro-6-nitro-3-phenoxyaniline | 277-704-1 | 74070-46-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
612-121-00-1 | amines, polyethylenepoly-; HEPA | 268-626-9 | 68131-73-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
612-122-00-7 | hydroxylamine | 232-259-2 | 7803-49-8 | Unst. Expl. Met. Corr. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H200 H290 H302 H373 ** H335 H315 H318 H317 H400 | GHS01 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H200 H290 H302 H373 ** H335 H315 H318 H317 H400 | | | T |
612-123-00-2 | hydroxylammonium chloride; hydroxylamine hydrochloride; [1] bis(hydroxylammonium) sulphate; hydroxylamine sulphate (2:1); [2] hydroxylammonium hydrogensulphate; hydroxylamine sulphate (1:1) [3] | 226-798-2 [1] 233-118-8 [2] 233-154-4 [3] | 5470-11-1 [1] 10039-54-0 [2] 10046-00-1 [3] | Met. Corr. 1 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H290 H302 H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H400 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H290 H302 H373 ** H319 H315 H317 H400 | | | G T |
612-124-00-8 | N,N,N-trimethylanilinium chloride | 205-319-0 | 138-24-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H311 H301 | GHS06 Dgr | H311 H301 | | | |
612-125-00-3 | 2-methyl-p-phenylenediamine; 2,5-toluenediamine | 202-442-1 | 95-70-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H332 H312 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H332 H312 H317 H411 | | | |
612-126-00-9 | toluene-2,4-diammonium sulphate; 4-methyl-m-phenylenediamine sulfate | 265-697-8 | 65321-67-7 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H301 H312 H319 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H301 H312 H319 H317 H411 | | | |
612-127-00-4 | 3-aminophenol | 209-711-2 | 591-27-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H411 | | | |
612-128-00-X | 4-aminophenol | 204-616-2 | 123-30-8 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H332 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H341 H332 H302 H410 | | | |
612-129-00-5 | diisopropylamine | 203-558-5 | 108-18-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H332 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
612-130-00-0 | 2,6-diamino-3,5-diethyltoluene; 4,6-diethyl-2-methyl-1,3-benzenediamine; [1] 2,4-diamino-3,5-diethyltoluene; 2,4-diethyl-6-methyl-1,3-benzenediamine; [2] diethylmethylbenzenediamine [3] | 218-255-3 [1] 218-256-9 [2] 270-877-4 [3] | 2095-01-4 [1] 2095-02-5 [2] 68479-98-1 [3] | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H373 ** H319 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H373 ** H319 H410 | | | C |
612-131-00-6 | didecyldimethylammonium chloride | 230-525-2 | 7173-51-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 | | | |
612-132-00-1 | N,N'-diphenyl-p-phenylenediamine; N,N'-diphenyl-1,4-benzenediamine | 200-806-4 | 74-31-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
612-133-00-7 | (4-ammonio-m-tolyl)ethyl(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium sulphate; 4-(N-ethyl-N-2-hydroxyethyl)-2-methylphenylenediamine sulphate | 247-162-0 | 25646-77-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
612-134-00-2 | N-(2-(4-amino-N-ethyl-m-toluidino)ethyl)methanesulphonamide sesquisulphate; 4-(N-ethyl-N-2-methanesulphonylaminoethyl)-2-methylphenylenediamine sesquisulphate monohydrate | 247-161-5 | 25646-71-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
612-135-00-8 | N-2-naphthylaniline; N-phenyl-2-naphthylamine | 205-223-9 | 135-88-6 | Carc. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H319 H315 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H319 H315 H317 H411 | | | |
612-136-00-3 | N-isopropyl-N'-phenyl-p-phenylenediamine | 202-969-7 | 101-72-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
612-137-00-9 | 4-chloroaniline | 203-401-0 | 106-47-8 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H331 H311 H301 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H311 H301 H317 H410 | | | |
612-138-00-4 | furalaxyl (ISO); methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(2-furylcarbonyl)-DL-alaninate | 260-875-1 | 57646-30-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
612-139-00-X | mefenacet (ISO); 2-(benzothiazol-2-yloxy)-N-methyl-N-phenylacetamide | 277-328-8 | 73250-68-7 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
612-140-00-5 | quaternary ammonium compounds, benzyl-C8-18-alkyldimethyl, chlorides | 264-151-6 | 63449-41-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 | H312 H302 H314 H400 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H400 | | | |
612-141-00-0 | 4,4'-methylenebis(2-ethylaniline); 4,4'-methylenebis(2-ethylbenzeneamine) | 243-420-1 | 19900-65-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H410 | | | |
612-142-00-6 | biphenyl-2-ylamine | 201-990-9 | 90-41-5 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H351 H302 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H302 H412 | | | |
612-143-00-1 | N5,N5-diethyltoluene-2,5-diamine monohydrochloride; 4-diethylamino-2-methylaniline monohydrochloride | 218-130-3 | 2051-79-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
612-144-00-7 | flumetralin (ISO); N-(2-chloro-6-fluorobenzyl)-N-ethyl-α,α,α-trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine | — | 62924-70-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
612-145-00-2 | o-phenylenediamine | 202-430-6 | 95-54-5 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H341 H301 H332 H312 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H341 H301 H332 H312 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
612-146-00-8 | o-phenylenediamine dihydrochloride | 210-418-7 | 615-28-1 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H341 H301 H332 H312 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H341 H301 H332 H312 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
612-147-00-3 | m-phenylenediamine | 203-584-7 | 108-45-2 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
612-148-00-9 | m-phenylenediamine dihydrochloride | 208-790-0 | 541-69-5 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
612-149-00-4 | 1,3-diphenylguanidine | 203-002-1 | 102-06-7 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361f *** H302 H319 H335 H315 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361f *** H302 H319 H335 H315 H411 | | | |
612-150-00-X | spiroxamine (ISO); 8-tert-butyl-1,4-dioxaspiro[4.5]decan-2-ylmethyl(ethyl)(propyl)amine | — | 118134-30-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
612-151-00-5 | diaminotoluene, technical product - reaction mass of [2] and [3]; methyl-phenylenediamine; [1] 4-methyl-m-phenylene diamine; [2] 2-methyl-m-phenylene diamine [3] | 246-910-3 [1] 202-453-1 [2] 212-513-9 [3] | 25376-45-8 [1] 95-80-7 [2] 823-40-5 [3] | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H301 H332 H312 H319 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H301 H332 H312 H319 H317 H411 | | | |
612-152-00-0 | N,N-diethyl-N',N'-dimethylpropan-1,3-diyl-diamine | 406-610-7 | 62478-82-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H332 H302 H373 ** H314 H412 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H332 H302 H373 ** H314 H412 | | | |
612-153-00-6 | 4-[N-ethyl-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino-2-nitrobenzene, monohydrochloride | 407-020-2 | 132885-85-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 H412 | | | |
612-154-00-1 | 6'-(isobutylethylamino)-3'-methyl-2'-phenylamino-spiro[isobenzo-2-oxofuran-7,9'-[9H]-xanthene] | 410-890-6 | 95235-29-3 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
612-155-00-7 | 2'-anilino-6'-((3-ethoxypropyl)ethylamino)-3'-methylspiro(isobenzo-3-oxofuran)-1-(1H)-9'-xanthene | 411-730-8 | 93071-94-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
612-156-00-2 | reaction mass of: trihexadecylmethylammonium chloride; dihexadecyldimethylammonium chloride | 405-620-9 | — | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
612-157-00-8 | (Z)-1-benzo[b]thien-2-ylethanone oxime hydrochloride | 410-780-8 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H373 ** H318 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H318 H317 H411 | | | |
612-158-00-3 | reaction mass of: bis(5-dodecyl-2-hydroxybenzald-oximate) copper (II) C12-alkyl group is branched; 4-dodecylsalicylaldoxime | 410-820-4 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
612-159-00-9 | Reaction products of: trimethylhexamethylene diamine (a mixture of 2,2,4-trimethyl-1,6-hexanediamine and 2,4,4-trimethyl-1,6-hexanediamine, EINECS listed), Epoxide 8 (mono[(C10-C16-alkyloxy)methyl]oxirane derivatives) and p-toluene-sulfonic acid | 410-880-1 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H410 | | | |
612-160-00-4 | p-toluidine; 4-aminotoluene; [1] toluidinium chloride; [2] toluidine sulphate (1:1) [3] | 203-403-1 [1] 208-740-8 [2] 208-741-3 [3] | 106-49-0 [1] 540-23-8 [2] 540-25-0 [3] | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H331 H311 H301 H319 H317 H400 | | | |
612-161-00-X | 2,6-xylidine; 2,6-dimethylaniline | 201-758-7 | 87-62-7 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H332 H312 H302 H335 H315 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H332 H312 H302 H335 H315 H411 | | | |
612-162-00-5 | dimethyldioctadecylammonium chloride; DODMAC | 203-508-2 | 107-64-2 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
612-163-00-0 | metalaxyl-M (ISO); mefenoxam; (R)-2-[(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-methoxyacetylamino]propionic acid methyl ester | — | 70630-17-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 | | | |
612-164-00-6 | 2-butyl-2-ethyl-1,5-diaminopentane | 412-700-7 | 137605-95-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H317 H412 | | | |
612-165-00-1 | N,N'-diphenyl-N,N'-bis(3-methylphenyl)-(1,1'-diphenyl)-4,4'-diamine | 413-810-8 | 65181-78-4 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
612-166-00-7 | reaction mass of: cis-(5-ammonium-1,3,3-trimethyl)-cyclohexanemethylammonium phosphate (1:1); trans-(5-ammonium-1,3,3-trimethyl)-cyclohexanemethylammonium phosphate (1:1) | 411-830-1 | 114765-88-7 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H318 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 H412 | | | |
612-167-00-2 | 5-acetyl-3-amino-10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenz[b,f]azepine-hydrochloride | 410-490-1 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H373 ** H318 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H318 H317 H411 | | | |
612-168-00-8 | 3,5-dichloro-2,6-difluoropyrdine-4-amine | 220-630-1 | 2840-00-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H411 | | | |
612-170-00-9 | 4-chlorophenyl cyclopropyl ketone O-(4-aminobenzyl)oxime | 405-260-2 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
612-171-00-4 | N,N,N',N'-tetraglycidyl-4,4'-diamino-3,3'-diethyldiphenylmethane | 410-060-3 | 130728-76-6 | Muta. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H341 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H341 H317 H411 | | | |
612-172-00-X | 4,4'-methylenebis(N,N'-dimethylcyclohexanamine | 412-840-9 | 13474-64-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H373 ** H314 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H314 H412 | | | |
612-173-00-5 | lithium 1-amino-4-(4-tert-butylanilino)anthraquinone-2-sulfonate | 411-140-0 | 125328-86-1 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
612-174-00-0 | 4,4-dimethoxybutylamine | 407-690-6 | 19060-15-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H314 H317 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 H412 | | | |
612-175-00-6 | 2-(O-aminooxy)ethylamine dihydrochloride | 412-310-7 | 37866-45-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
612-176-00-1 | polymer of 1,3-dibromopropane and N,N-diethyl-N',N'-dimethyl-1,3-propanediamine | 410-570-6 | 143747-73-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
612-177-00-7 | 2-naphthylamino-6-sulfomethylamide | 412-120-4 | 104295-55-8 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H317 H411 | | | |
612-178-00-2 | 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane disulfate | 412-080-8 | 112193-77-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H335 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H335 H318 H412 | | | |
612-179-00-8 | 1-(2-propenyl)pyridinium chloride | 412-740-5 | 25965-81-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
612-180-00-3 | 3-aminobenzylamine | 412-230-2 | 4403-70-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H411 | | | |
612-181-00-9 | 2-phenylthioaniline | 413-030-8 | 1134-94-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
612-182-00-4 | 1-ethyl-1-methylmorpholinium bromide | 418-210-1 | 65756-41-4 | Muta. 2 | H341 | GHS08 Wng | H341 | | | |
612-183-00-X | 1-ethyl-1-methylpyrrolidinium bromide | 418-200-5 | 69227-51-6 | Muta. 2 | H341 | GHS08 Wng | H341 | | | |
612-184-00-5 | 6'-(dibutylamino)-3'-methyl-2'-(phenylamino)spiro[isobenzofuran-1(3H),9-(9H)-xanthen]-3-one | 403-830-5 | 89331-94-2 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
612-185-00-0 | 1-[3-[4-((heptadecafluorononyl)oxy)-benzamido]propyl]-N,N,N-trimethylammonium iodide | 407-400-8 | 59493-72-0 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
612-186-00-6 | bis(N-(7-hydroxy-8-methyl-5-phenylphenazin-3-ylidene)dimethylammonium) sulfate | 406-770-8 | 149057-64-7 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H373 ** H318 H317 H410 | | | |
612-187-00-1 | 2,3,4-trifluoroaniline | 407-170-9 | 3862-73-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 H411 | | | |
612-188-00-7 | 4,4'-(9H-fluoren-9-ylidene)bis(2-chloroaniline) | 407-560-9 | 107934-68-9 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
612-189-00-2 | 4-amino-2-(aminomethyl)phenol dihydrochloride | 412-510-4 | 135043-64-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
612-190-00-8 | 4,4'-methylenebis(2-isopropyl-6-methylaniline) | 415-150-6 | 16298-38-7 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H411 | | | |
612-191-00-3 | polymer of allylamine hydrochloride | 415-050-2 | 71550-12-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
612-192-00-9 | 2-isopropyl-4-(N-methyl)aminomethylthiazole | 414-800-6 | 154212-60-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H315 H318 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H315 H318 H411 | | | |
612-193-00-4 | 3-methylaminomethylphenylamine | 414-570-7 | 18759-96-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
612-194-00-X | 2-hydroxy-3-[(2-hydroxyethyl)-[2-(1-oxotetradecyl)amino]ethyl]amino]-N,N,N-trimethyl-1-propanammonium chloride | 414-670-0 | 141890-30-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H410 | | | |
612-195-00-5 | bis[tributyl 4-(methylbenzyl)ammonium] 1,5-naphthalenedisulfonate | 415-210-1 | 160236-81-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H302 H318 H410 | | | |
612-196-00-0 | 4-chloro-o-toluidine; [1] 4-chloro-o-toluidine hydrochloride [2] | 202-441-6 [1] 221-627-8 [2] | 95-69-2 [1] 3165-93-3 [2] | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H341 H331 H311 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H331 H311 H301 H410 | | | |
612-197-00-6 | 2,4,5-trimethylaniline; [1] 2,4,5-trimethylaniline hydrochloride [2] | 205-282-0 [1] - [2] | 137-17-7 [1] 21436-97-5 [2] | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H331 H311 H301 H411 | | | |
612-198-00-1 | 4,4'-thiodianiline and its salts | 205-370-9 | 139-65-1 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H411 | | | |
612-199-00-7 | 4,4'-oxydianiline and its salts; p-aminophenyl ether | 202-977-0 | 101-80-4 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H340 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H340 H361f *** H331 H311 H301 H411 | | | |
612-200-00-0 | 2,4-diaminoanisole; 4-methoxy-m-phenylenediamine; [1] 2,4-diaminoanisole sulphate [2] | 210-406-1 [1] 254-323-9 [2] | 615-05-4 [1] 39156-41-7 [2] | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H350 H341 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H341 H302 H411 | | | |
612-201-00-6 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyl-4,4'-methylendianiline | 202-959-2 | 101-61-1 | Carc. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H410 | | | |
612-202-00-1 | 3,4-dichloroaniline | 202-448-4 | 95-76-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
612-204-00-2 | C.I. Basic Violet 3; 4-[4,4'-bis(dimethylamino) benzhydrylidene]cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene]dimethylammonium chloride | 208-953-6 | 548-62-9 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H302 H318 H410 | | | |
612-205-00-8 | C.I. Basic Violet 3 with ≥ 0,1 % of Michler's ketone (EC no. 202-027-5) | 208-953-6 | 548-62-9 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H302 H318 H410 | | | |
612-206-00-3 | famoxadone (ISO); 3-anilino-5-methyl-5-(4-phenoxyphenyl)-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione | — | 131807-57-3 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H410 | | | |
612-207-00-9 | 4-ethoxyaniline; p-phenetidine | 205-855-5 | 156-43-4 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H341 H332 H312 H302 H319 H317 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H341 H332 H312 H302 H319 H317 | | | |
612-209-00-X | 6-methoxy-m-toluidine; p-cresidine | 204-419-1 | 120-71-8 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H350 H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 | | | |
612-210-00-5 | 5-nitro-o-toluidine; [1] 5-nitro-o-toluidine hydrochloride [2] | 202-765-8 [1] 256-960-8 [2] | 99-55-8 [1] 51085-52-0 [2] | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H351 H331 H311 H301 H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H351 H331 H311 H301 H412 | | | |
612-211-00-0 | N-[(benzotriazole-1-yl)methyl)]-4-carboxybenzenesulfonamide | 416-470-9 | 170292-97-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H411 | | | |
612-212-00-6 | 2,6-dichloro-4-trifluoromethylaniline | 416-430-0 | 24279-39-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
612-213-00-1 | isobutylidene-(2-(2-isopropyl-4,4-dimethyloxazolidine-3-yl)-1,1-dimethylethyl)amine | 419-850-2 | 148348-13-4 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 H412 | | | |
612-214-00-7 | 4-(2,2-diphenylethenyl)-N,N-di-phenylbenzenamine | 421-390-2 | 89114-90-9 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
612-215-00-2 | 3-chloro-2-(isopropylthio)aniline | 421-700-6 | 179104-32-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
612-217-00-3 | 1-methoxy-2-propylamine | 422-550-4 | 37143-54-7 | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H314 H302 H412 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H314 H302 H412 | | | |
613-001-00-1 | ethyleneimine; aziridine | 205-793-9 | 151-56-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H350 H340 H330 H310 H300 H314 H411 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H350 H340 H330 H310 H300 H314 H411 | | | D |
613-002-00-7 | pyridine | 203-809-9 | 110-86-1 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H225 H332 H312 H302 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 | | * | |
613-003-00-2 | 1,2,3,4-tetranitrocarbazole | — | 6202-15-9 | Expl. 1.1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H201 H332 H312 H302 | GHS01 GHS07 Wng | H201 H332 H312 H302 | | | |
613-004-00-8 | crimidine (ISO); 2-chloro-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yldimethylamine | 208-622-6 | 535-89-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * | H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 | | | |
613-007-00-4 | desmetryne (ISO); 6-isopropylamino-2-methylamino-4-methylthio-1,3,5-triazine | 213-800-1 | 1014-69-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
613-008-00-X | dazomet (ISO); tetrahydro-3,5-dimethyl-1,3,5-thiadiazine-2-thione | 208-576-7 | 533-74-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H410 | | | |
613-009-00-5 | 2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine; cyanuric chloride | 203-614-9 | 108-77-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H330 H302 H314 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H302 H314 H317 | EUH014 | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
613-010-00-0 | ametryn (ISO); 2-ethylamino-4-isopropylamino-6-methylthio-1,3,5-triazine | 212-634-7 | 834-12-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-011-00-6 | amitrole (ISO); 1,2,4-triazol-3-ylamine | 200-521-5 | 61-82-5 | Repr. 2 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361d *** H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H373 ** H411 | | | |
613-012-00-1 | bentazone (ISO); 3-isopropyl-2,1,3-benzothiadiazine-4-one-2,2-dioxide | 246-585-8 | 25057-89-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H319 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H317 H412 | | | |
613-013-00-7 | cyanazine (ISO); 2-(4-chloro-6-ethylamino-1,3,5-triazine-2-ylamino)-2-methylpropionitrile | 244-544-9 | 21725-46-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-014-00-2 | ethoxyquin(ISO); 6-ethoxy-1,2-dihydro-2,2,4-trimethylquinoline | 202-075-7 | 91-53-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-015-00-8 | fenazaflor (ISO); phenyl 5,6-dichloro-2-trifluoromethylbenzimidazole-1-carboxylate | 238-134-9 | 14255-88-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
613-016-00-3 | fuberidazole(ISO); 2-(2-furyl)benzimidazole | 223-404-0 | 3878-19-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-017-00-9 | bis (8-hydroxyquinolinium) sulphate | 205-137-1 | 134-31-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-018-00-4 | morfamquat (ISO); 1,1'-bis(3,5-dimethylmorpholinocarbonylmethyl)-4,4'-bipyridilium ion | — | 7411-47-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 H412 | | | |
613-019-00-X | thioquinox(ISO); 2-thio-1,3-dithiolo(4,5,b)quinoxaline | 202-272-8 | 93-75-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-020-00-5 | tridemorph (ISO); 2,6-dimethyl-4-tridecylmorpholine | 246-347-3 | 24602-86-6 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360D *** H332 H302 H315 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H360D *** H332 H302 H315 H410 | | | |
613-021-00-0 | dithianon (ISO); 5,10-dihydro-5,10-dioxonaphtho(2,3-b)(1,4)dithiazine-2,3-dicarbonitrile | 222-098-6 | 3347-22-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-022-00-6 | pyrethrins including cinerins, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | | A |
613-023-00-1 | 2-methyl-4-oxo-3-(penta-2,4-dienyl)cyclopent-2-enyl [1R-[1α[S*(Z)],3β]]-chrysanthemate; pyrethrin I | 204-455-8 | 121-21-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | | |
613-024-00-7 | 2-methyl-4-oxo-3-(penta-2,4-dienyl)cyclopent-2-enyl[1R-[1α[S*(Z)](3β)]]-3-(3-methoxy-2-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate; pyrethrin II | 204-462-6 | 121-29-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | | | |
613-025-00-2 | cinerin I; 3-(but-2-enyl)-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl 2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate | 246-948-0 | 25402-06-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-026-00-8 | cinerin II; 3-(but-2-enyl)-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl 2,2-dimethyl-3-(3-methoxy-2-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate | 204-454-2 | 121-20-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-027-00-3 | piperidine | 203-813-0 | 110-89-4 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B | H225 H331 H311 H314 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H331 H311 H314 | | * | |
613-028-00-9 | morpholine | 203-815-1 | 110-91-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dg | H226 H332 H312 H302 H314 | | | |
613-029-00-4 | dichloro-1,3,5-triazinetrione; dichloroisocyanuric acid | 220-487-5 | 2782-57-2 | Ox. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H302 H319 H335 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H302 H319 H335 H410 | EUH031 | | T |
613-030-00-X | troclosene potassium; [1] troclosene sodium [2] | 218-828-8 [1] 220-767-7 [2] | 2244-21-5 [1] 2893-78-9 [2] | Ox. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H302 H319 H335 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H302 H319 H335 H410 | EUH031 | * STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 10 % EUH031: C ≥ 10 % | |
613-030-01-7 | troclosene sodium, dihydrate | 220-767-7 | 51580-86-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H335 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H410 | EUH031 | | |
613-031-00-5 | symclosene; trichloroisocyanuric acid; trichloro-1,3,5-triazinetrion | 201-782-8 | 87-90-1 | Ox. Sol. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H272 H302 H319 H335 H400 H410 | GHS03 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H272 H302 H319 H335 H410 | EUH031 | | |
613-032-00-0 | methyl-2,3,5,6-tetrachloro-4-pyridylsulphone; 2,3,5,6-tetrachloro-4-(methylsulphonyl)pyridine | 236-035-5 | 13108-52-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H312 H302 H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 H319 H317 | | | |
613-033-00-6 | 2-methylaziridine; propyleneimine | 200-878-7 | 75-55-8 | Flam. Liq. 2 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H350 H330 H310 H300 H318 H411 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H350 H330 H310 H300 H318 H411 | | Carc. 1B; H350: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
613-034-00-1 | 1,2-dimethylimidazole | 217-101-2 | 1739-84-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H315 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 | | | |
613-035-00-7 | 1-methylimidazole | 210-484-7 | 616-47-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H312 H302 H314 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H312 H302 H314 | | | |
613-036-00-2 | 2-methylpyridine; 2-picoline | 203-643-7 | 109-06-8 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 | H226 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H332 H312 H302 H319 H335 | | | |
613-037-00-8 | 4-methylpyridine; 4-picoline | 203-626-4 | 108-89-4 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H226 H311 H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H226 H311 H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
613-038-00-3 | 6-phenyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diyldiamine; 6-phenyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine; benzoguanamine | 202-095-6 | 91-76-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
613-039-00-9 | ethylene thiourea; imidazolidine-2-thione; 2-imidazoline-2-thiol | 202-506-9 | 96-45-7 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H360D *** H302 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H360D *** H302 | | | |
613-040-00-4 | azaconazole (ISO); 1-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl]methyl}-1H-1,2.4-triazole | 262-102-3 | 60207-31-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-041-00-X | morpholine-4-carbonyl chloride | 239-213-0 | 15159-40-7 | Carc. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H351 H319 H315 | GHS08 Wng | H351 H319 H315 | EUH014 | | |
613-042-00-5 | imazalil (ISO); 1-[2-(allyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1H-imidazole | 252-615-0 | 35554-44-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H302 H318 H410 | | | |
613-043-00-0 | imazalil sulphate (ISO) powder; 1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate; [1] (±)-1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate [2] | 261-351-5 [1] 281-291-3 [2] | 58594-72-2 [1] 83918-57-4 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
613-043-01-8 | imazalil sulphate (ISO), aqueous solution; 1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate; [1] (±)-1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate [2] | 261-351-5 [1] 281-291-3 [2] | 58594-72-2 [1] 83918-57-4 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H314 H317 H410 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 50 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 30 % ≤ C 613-044-00-6 | captan (ISO); 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-N-(trichloromethylthio)phthalimide | 205-087-0 | 133-06-2 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H331 H318 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H331 H318 H317 H400 | | | |
613-045-00-1 | folpet (ISO); N-(trichloromethylthio)phthalimide | 205-088-6 | 133-07-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H351 H332 H319 H317 H400 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H332 H319 H317 H400 | | | |
613-046-00-7 | captafol (ISO); 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-N-(1,1,2,2-tetrachloroethylthio)phthalimide | 219-363-3 | 2425-06-1 | Carc. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H350 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H350 H317 H410 | | | |
613-047-00-2 | 1-dimethylcarbamoyl-5-methylpyrazol-3-yl dimethylcarbamate; dimetilan (ISO) | 211-420-0 | 644-64-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H410 | | | |
613-048-00-8 | carbendazim (ISO); methyl benzimidazol-2-ylcarbamate | 234-232-0 | 10605-21-7 | Muta. 1B Repr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H340 H360FD H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H340 H360FD H410 | | | |
613-049-00-3 | benomyl (ISO); methyl 1-(butylcarbamoyl)benzimidazol-2-ylcarbamate | 241-775-7 | 17804-35-2 | Muta. 1B Repr. 1B STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H340 H360FD H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H340 H360FD H335 H315 H317 H410 | | M = 10 | |
613-050-00-9 | carbadox (INN); methyl 3-(quinoxalin-2-ylmethylene)carbazate 1,4-dioxide; 2-(methoxycarbonylhydrazonomethyl)quinoxaline 1,4-dioxide | 229-879-0 | 6804-07-5 | Flam. Sol. 1 Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H228 H350 H302 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H228 H350 H302 | | | T |
613-051-00-4 | molinate (ISO); S-ethyl 1-perhydroazepinecarbothioate; S-ethyl perhydroazepine-1-carbothioate | 218-661-0 | 2212-67-1 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H361f *** H332 H302 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H361f *** H332 H302 H373 ** H317 H410 | | M = 100 | |
613-052-00-X | trifenmorph (ISO); 4-tritylmorpholine | 215-812-2 | 1420-06-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-053-00-5 | anilazine (ISO); 2-chloro-N-(4,6-dichloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)aniline | 202-910-5 | 101-05-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H315 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H410 | | | |
613-054-00-0 | thiabendazol (ISO); 2-(thiazole-4-yl)benzimidazole | 205-725-8 | 148-79-8 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-056-00-1 | 1,2-dimethyl-3,5-diphenylpyrazolium methylsulphate; difenzoquat methyl sulfate | 256-152-5 | 43222-48-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-057-00-7 | dodemorph (ISO); 4-cyclododecyl-2,6-dimethylmorpholine | 216-474-9 | 1593-77-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H335 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H411 | | | |
613-058-00-2 | permethrin (ISO); m-phenoxybenzyl 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 258-067-9 | 52645-53-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H302 H317 H410 | | M = 1000 | |
613-059-00-8 | profluralin (ISO); N-(cyclopropylmethyl)-α,α,α-trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-N-propyl-p-toluidine | 247-656-6 | 26399-36-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H410 | | | |
613-060-00-3 | resmethrin (ISO); 5-benzyl-3-furylmethyl (±)-cis-trans-chrysanthemate | 233-940-7 | 10453-86-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-061-00-9 | 6-(1α,5aβ,8aβ,9-pentahydroxy-7β-isopropyl-2β,5β,8β-trimethylperhydro-8bα,9-epoxy-5,8-ethanocyclopenta[1,2-b]indenyl) pyrrole-2-carboxylate; ryania | 239-732-2 | 15662-33-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
613-062-00-4 | sabadilla (ISO); veratrine | — | 8051-02-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 | | | |
613-063-00-X | secbumeton (ISO); 2-sec-butylamino-4-ethylamino-6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine | 247-554-1 | 26259-45-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H410 | | | |
613-064-00-5 | 5-(3,6,9-trioxa-2-undecyloxy)benzo(d)-1,3-dioxolane; sesamex | — | 51-14-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-065-00-0 | simetryn (ISO); 2,4-bis(ethylamino)-6-methylthio-1,3,5-triazine | 213-801-7 | 1014-70-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-066-00-6 | terbumeton (ISO); 2-tert-butylamino-4-ethylamino-6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine | 251-637-8 | 33693-04-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-067-00-1 | propazine(ISO); 2-chloro-4,6-bis(isopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazine | 205-359-9 | 139-40-2 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
613-068-00-7 | atrazine (ISO); 2-chloro-4-ethylamine-6-isopropylamine-1,3,5-triazine | 217-617-8 | 1912-24-9 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
613-069-00-2 | ε-caprolactam | 203-313-2 | 105-60-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 | H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H302 H319 H335 H315 | | | |
613-070-00-8 | propylenethiourea | — | 2122-19-2 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H361d *** H302 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H361d *** H302 H412 | | | |
613-071-00-3 | 2-fluoro-5-trifluoromethylpyridine | 400-290-2 | 69045-82-5 | Flam. Liq. 3 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H317 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H317 H412 | | | |
613-072-00-9 | N,N-bis(2-ethylhexyl)-((1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl)amine | 401-280-0 | 91273-04-0 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H411 | | | |
613-073-00-4 | N,N-dimethyl-2-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,5-dihydropyrazol-1-ylphenylsulphonyl)ethylamine | 401-410-6 | 10357-99-0 | STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H317 H411 | | | |
613-074-00-X | 3-(3-methylpent-3-yl)isoxazol-5-ylamine | 401-460-9 | 82560-06-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H331 H301 H318 H412 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H331 H301 H318 H412 | | | |
613-075-00-5 | 1,3-dichloro-5-ethyl-5-methylimidazolidine-2,4-dione | 401-570-7 | 89415-87-2 | Ox. Sol. 1 **** Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H271 H331 H314 H302 H317 H400 | GHS03 GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H271 H331 H314 H302 H317 H400 | | | |
613-076-00-0 | 3-chloro-5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridylamine | 401-670-0 | 79456-26-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
613-077-00-6 | reaction mass of 5-heptyl-1,2,4-triazol-3-ylamine and 5-nonyl-1,2,4-triazol-3-ylamine | 401-940-8 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H411 | | | |
613-078-00-1 | N,N,N,N-tetrakis(4,6-bis(butyl-(N-methyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)amino)triazin-2-yl)-4,7-diazadecane-1,10-diamine | 401-990-0 | 106990-43-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
613-079-00-7 | 4-(1(or 4 or 5 or 6)-methyl-8,9,10-trinorborn-5-en-2-yl)pyridine, reaction mass of isomers | 402-520-7 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
613-080-00-2 | 3-(bis(2-ethylhexyl)aminomethyl)benzothiazole-2(3H)-thione | 402-540-6 | 105254-85-1 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H410 | | | |
613-081-00-8 | 1-butyl-2-methylpyridinium bromide | 402-680-8 | 26576-84-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
613-082-00-3 | 2-methyl-1-pentylpyridinium bromide | 402-690-2 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H312 H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 H412 | | | |
613-083-00-9 | 2-(4-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-pyrazolin-1-yl)phenylsulfonyl)ethyldimethylammonium formate | 402-120-2 | — | Skin Corr. 1B STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
613-084-00-4 | 2-(4-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,5-dihydropyrazolyl)phenylsulphonyl)ethyldimethylammonium hydrogen phosphonate | 402-490-5 | 106359-93-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H410 | | | |
613-085-00-X | reaction mass of 1,1'-(methylenebis(4,1-phenylene))dipyrrole-2,5-dione and N-(4-(4-(2,5-dioxopyrrol-1-yl)benzyl)phenyl)acetamide and 1-(4-(4-(5-oxo-2H-2-furylidenamino)benzyl)phenyl)pyrrole-2,5-dione | 401-970-1 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
613-086-00-5 | caffeine | 200-362-1 | 58-08-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-087-00-0 | tetrahydrothiophene | 203-728-9 | 110-01-0 | Flam. Liq. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 H315 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Dgr | H225 H332 H312 H302 H319 H315 H412 | | | |
613-088-00-6 | 1,2-benzisothiazol-3(2H)-one; 1,2-benzisothiazolin-3-one | 220-120-9 | 2634-33-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H302 H315 H318 H317 H400 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H315 H318 H317 H400 | | Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,05 % | |
613-089-00-1 | diquat dibromide; [1] diquat dichloride; [2] 6,7-dihydrodipyrido[1,2-α:2',1'-c]pyrazinediylium dihydroxide [3] | 201-579-4 [1] 223-714-6 [2] 301-467-6 [3] | 85-00-7 [1] 4032-26-2 [2] 94021-76-8 [3] | Acute Tox. 2 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H372 ** H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H372 ** H302 H319 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
613-090-00-7 | paraquat dichloride; 1,1-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium dichloride; [1] paraquat dimethylsulfate; 1,1-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium dimethyl sulphate [2] | 217-615-7 [1] 218-196-3 [2] | 1910-42-5 [1] 2074-50-2 [2] | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H311 H301 H372 ** H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
613-091-00-2 | morfamquat dichloride; [1] morfamquat sulfate [2] | 225-062-8 [1] [2] | 4636-83-3 [1] 29873-36-7 [2] | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H319 H335 H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H335 H315 H412 | | | |
613-092-00-8 | 1,10-phenanthroline | 200-629-2 | 66-71-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | | |
613-093-00-3 | hexasodium 6,13-dichloro-3,10-bis((4-(2,5-disulfonatoanilino)-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)prop-3-ylamino)-5,12-dioxa-7,14-diazapentacene-4,11-disulfonate | 400-050-7 | 85153-92-0 | Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H334 H317 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 H317 | | | |
613-094-00-9 | 4-methoxy-N,6-dimethyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamine | 401-360-5 | 5248-39-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * | H302 H373 ** | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H302 H373 ** | | | |
613-095-00-4 | sodium 3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-sec-butyl-4-hydroxybenzenesulfonate | 403-080-9 | 92484-48-5 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
613-096-00-X | 2-amino-6-ethoxy-4-methylamino-1,3,5-triazine | 403-580-7 | 62096-63-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-097-00-5 | 7-amino-3-((5-carboxymethyl-4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-ylthio)methyl)-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo(4.2.0)oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid | 403-690-5 | 111298-82-9 | Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H334 H317 H412 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 H317 H412 | | | |
613-098-00-0 | N-(n-octyl)-2-pyrrolidone | 403-700-8 | 2687-94-7 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H314 H411 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H411 | | | |
613-099-00-6 | 1-dodecyl-2-pyrrolidone | 403-730-1 | 2687-96-9 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H314 H317 H410 | | | |
613-100-00-X | 2,9-bis(3-(diethylamino)propylsulfamoyl)quino(2,3-b)acridine-7,14-dione | 404-230-6 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
613-101-00-5 | N—tert-pentyl-2-benzothiazolesulfenamide | 404-380-2 | 110799-28-5 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
613-102-00-0 | dimethomorph (ISO); 4-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)acryloyl)morpholine | 404-200-2 | 110488-70-5 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
613-103-00-6 | sodium 5-n-butylbenzotriazole | 404-450-2 | 118685-34-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 H411 | | | |
613-104-00-1 | 5-tert-butyl-3-isoxazolylamine hydrochloride | 404-840-2 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H373 ** H318 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H318 H412 | | | |
613-105-00-7 | hexakis(tetramethylammonium) 4,4'-vinylenebis((3-sulfonato-4,1-phenylene)imino(6-morpholino-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl)imino)bis(5-hydroxy-6-phenylazonaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate) | 405-160-9 | 124537-30-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H301 H317 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H317 H412 | | | |
613-106-00-2 | tetrapotassium 2-(4-(5-(1-(2,5-disulfonatophenyl)-3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-hydroxypyrazol-4-yl)penta-2,4-dienylidene)-3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-oxo-2-pyrazolin-1-yl)benzene-1,4-disulfonate | 405-240-3 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
613-107-00-8 | hexasodium 2,2'-vinylenebis((3-sulfonato-4,1-phenylene)imino(6-(N-cyanoethyl-N-(2-hydroxypropyl)amino)-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl)imino)dibenzene-1,4-disulfonate | 405-280-1 | 76508-02-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | GHS07 Wng | H319 | | | |
613-108-00-3 | benzothiazole-2-thiol | 205-736-8 | 149-30-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
613-109-00-9 | bis(piperidinothiocarbonyl) disulphide | 202-328-1 | 94-37-1 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H335 H315 H317 | | | |
613-110-00-4 | dimepiperate (ISO); S-(1-methyl-1-phenylethyl) piperidine-1-carbothioate | 262-784-2 | 61432-55-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
613-111-00-X | 1,2,4-triazole | 206-022-9 | 288-88-0 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H361d *** H302 H319 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H361d *** H302 H319 | | | |
613-112-00-5 | octhilinone (ISO); 2-octyl-2H-isothiazol-3-one | 247-761-7 | 26530-20-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H302 H314 H317 H410 | | Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,05 % | |
613-113-00-0 | 2-(morpholinothio)benzothiazole | 203-052-4 | 102-77-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H315 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H315 H317 H411 | | | |
613-114-00-6 | 2,2',2"-(hexahydro-1,3,5-triazine-1,3,5-triyl)triethanol; 1,3,5-tris(2-hydroxyethyl)hexahydro-1,3,5-triazine | 225-208-0 | 4719-04-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
613-115-00-1 | hymexazol (ISO); 3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole | 233-000-6 | 10004-44-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H318 H412 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 H412 | | | |
613-116-00-7 | tolylfluanid (ISO); dichloro-N-[(dimethylamino)sulphonyl]fluoro-N-(p-tolyl)methanesulphenamide | 211-986-9 | 731-27-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H373 ** H319 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
613-117-00-2 | diniconazole (ISO); (E)-β-[(2,4-dichlorophenyl)methylene]-α-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1H—1,2,4-triazol-1-ethanol; (E)-(RS)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H—1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol | — | 76714-88-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-118-00-8 | flubenzimine (ISO); N-[3-phenyl-4,5-bis[(trifluoromethyl)imino]thiazolidin-2-ylidene]aniline | 253-703-1 | 37893-02-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H410 | | | |
613-119-00-3 | (benzothiazol-2-ylthio)methyl thiocyanate; TCMTB | 244-445-0 | 21564-17-0 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H302 H319 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H302 H319 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
613-120-00-9 | bioresmethrin; (5-bezylfur-3-yl)methyl(1R)-trans-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylpropenyl)cyclopropanecarboylate | 249-014-0 | 28434-01-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-121-00-4 | chlorsulfuron (ISO); 2-chloro-N-[[(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino]carbonyl]benzenesulphonamide | 265-268-5 | 64902-72-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-122-00-X | diclobutrazole (ISO); (R*, R*)-(±)-β-[(2,4-dichlorophenyl)methyl]-α-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole-1-ethanol; (2RS, 3RS)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H—1,2,4-triazol-1yl)pentan-3-ol | — | 75736-33-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H411 | | | |
613-123-00-5 | 5,6-dihydro-3H-imidazo[2,1-c]-1,2,4-dithiazole-3-thione; etem | 251-684-4 | 33813-20-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-124-00-0 | fenpropimorph (ISO); cis-4-[3-(p-tert-butylphenyl)-2-methylpropyl]-2,6-dimethylmorpholine | 266-719-9 | 67564-91-4 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361d *** H302 H315 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H302 H315 H411 | | | |
613-125-00-6 | hexythiazox(ISO); trans-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-N-cyclohexyl-4-methyl-2-oxo-3-thiazolidine-carboxamide | — | 78587-05-0 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-126-00-1 | imazapyr (ISO); 2-[4,5-dihydro-4-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)-5-oxo-1H-imidazol-2-yl]-3-pyridine carboxylate | — | 81334-34-1 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H412 | | | |
613-127-00-7 | 1,1-dimethylpiperidinium chloride; mepiquat chloride | 246-147-6 | 24307-26-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
613-128-00-2 | prochloraz (ISO); N-propyl-N-[2-(2,4,6-trichlorophenoxy)ethyl]-1H-imidazole-1-carboxamide | 266-994-5 | 67747-09-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-129-00-8 | metamitron (ISO); 4-amino-3-methyl-6-phenyl-1,2,4-triazin-5-one | 255-349-3 | 41394-05-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H302 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H400 | | | |
613-131-00-9 | pyroquilon (ISO); 1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyrrolo[3,2,1-ij]quinolin-4-one | — | 57369-32-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
613-132-00-4 | hexazinone (ISO); 3-cyclohexyl-6-dimethylamino-1-methyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-dione | 257-074-4 | 51235-04-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H410 | | | |
613-133-00-X | etridiazole (ISO); 5-ethoxy-3-trichloromethyl-1,2,4-thiadiazole | 219-991-8 | 2593-15-9 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H331 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H331 H312 H302 H410 | | | |
613-134-00-5 | myclobutanil(ISO); 2-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)hexanenitrile | — | 88671-89-0 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H361d *** H302 H319 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H302 H319 H411 | | | |
613-135-00-0 | di(benzothiazol-2-yl) disulphide | 204-424-9 | 120-78-5 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | EUH031 | | |
613-136-00-6 | N-cyclohexylbenzothiazole-2-sulphenamide | 202-411-2 | 95-33-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
613-137-00-1 | methabenzthiazuron (ISO); 1-(1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl)1,3-dimethylurea | 242-505-0 | 18691-97-9 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-138-00-7 | quinoxyfen (ISO); 5,7-dichloro-4-(4-fluorophenoxy)quinoline | — | 124495-18-7 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
613-139-00-2 | metsulfuron-methyl; 2-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylcarbamoylsulfamoyl) benzoic acid | — | 74223-64-6 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-140-00-8 | cycloheximide (ISO); 4-{(2R)-2-[(1S,3S,5S)-3,5-dimethyl-2-oxocyclohexyl]-2-hydroxyethyl}piperidine-2,6-dione | 200-636-0 | 66-81-9 | Muta. 2 Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H341 H360D *** H300 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H341 H360D *** H300 H411 | | | |
613-141-00-3 | 1,4-diamino-2-(2-butyltetrazol-5-yl)-3-cyanoanthraquinone | 401-470-3 | 93686-63-6 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
613-142-00-9 | trans—N-methyl-2-styryl-[4'-aminomethine-(1-acetyl-1-(2-methoxyphenyl)acetamido)]pyridinium acetate | 405-860-4 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
613-143-00-4 | 1-(3-phenylpropyl)-2-methylpyridinium bromide | 405-930-4 | 10551-42-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H319 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H412 | | | |
613-144-00-X | reaction products of: poly(vinyl acetate), partially hydrolyzed, with (E)-2-(4-formylstyryl)-3,4-dimethylthiazoliummethyl sulfate | 406-460-2 | 125139-08-4 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
613-145-00-5 | (S)-3-benzyloxycarbonyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-isoquinolinium 4-methylbenzenesulfonate | 406-960-0 | 77497-97-3 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
613-146-00-0 | N-ethyl-N-methylpiperidinium iodide | 407-780-5 | 4186-71-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
613-147-00-6 | 4-[2-(1-methyl-2-(4-morpholinyl)ethoxy)ethyl]morpholine | 407-940-4 | 111681-72-2 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
613-148-00-1 | tetrasodium 1,2-bis(4-fluoro-6-[5-(1-amino-2-sulfonatoanthrachinon-4-ylamino)-2,4,6-trimethyl-3-sulfonatophenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)ethane | 411-240-4 | 143683-23-2 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
613-149-00-7 | pyridaben (ISO); 2-tert-butyl-5-(4-tert-butylbenzylthio)-4-chloropyridazin-3(2H)-one | 405-700-3 | 96489-71-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H410 | | | |
613-150-00-2 | 2,2'-[3,3'-(piperazine-1,4-diyl)dipropyl]bis(1H-benzimidazo[2,1—b]benzo[l,m,n][3,8]phenanthroline-1,3,6-trione | 406-295-6 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
613-151-00-8 | 1-(3-mesyloxy-5-trityloxymethyl-2-D-threofuryl)thymine | 406-360-9 | 104218-44-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
613-152-00-3 | phenyl N-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)carbamate | 406-600-2 | 89392-03-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
613-153-00-9 | 2,3,5-trichloropyridine | 407-270-2 | 16063-70-0 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
613-154-00-4 | 2-amino-4-chloro-6-methoxypyrimidine | 410-050-9 | 5734-64-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-155-00-X | 5-chloro-2,3-difluoropyridine | 410-090-7 | 89402-43-7 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H226 H302 H412 | GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H226 H302 H412 | | | |
613-156-00-5 | 2-butyl-4-chloro-5-formylimidazole | 410-260-0 | 83857-96-9 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
613-157-00-0 | 2,4-diamino-5-methoxymethylpyrimidine | 410-330-0 | 54236-98-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H373 ** H319 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H302 H373 ** H319 | | | |
613-158-00-6 | 2,3-dichloro-5-trifluoromethyl-pyridine | 410-340-5 | 69045-84-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
613-159-00-1 | fenazaquin (ISO); 4-[2-[4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)phenyl]-ethoxy]quinazoline | 410-580-0 | 120928-09-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H332 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H332 H410 | | | |
613-160-00-7 | (1S)-2-methyl-2,5-diazobicyclo[2.2.1]heptane dihydrobromide | 411-000-9 | 125224-62-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
613-163-00-3 | azimsulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-[1-methyl-4-(2-methyl-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)pyrazol-5-ylsulfonyl]urea | — | 120162-55-2 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-164-00-9 | flufenacet (ISO); N-(4-fluorophenyl)-N-isopropyl-2-(5-trifluoromethyl-[1,3,4]thiadiazol-2-yloxy)acetamide | — | 142459-58-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
613-165-00-4 | flupyrsulfuron-methyl-sodium (ISO); methyl 2-[[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-ylcarbamoyl)sulfamoyl]-6-trifluoromethyl]nicotinate, monosodium salt | — | 144740-54-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-166-00-X | flumioxazin (ISO); N-(7-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-3-oxo-4-prop-2-ynyl-2H—1,4-benzoxazin-6-yl)cyclohex-1-ene-1,2-dicarboxamide | — | 103361-09-7 | Repr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360D *** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H360D *** H410 | | | |
613-167-00-5 | reaction mass of: 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one [EC no. 247-500-7] and 2-methyl-2H -isothiazol-3-one [EC no. 220-239-6] (3:1); reaction mass of: 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one [EC no. 247-500-7] and 2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one [EC no. 220-239-6] (3:1) | — | 55965-84-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H314 H317 H410 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 0,6 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 0,06 % ≤ C 613-168-00-0 | 1-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone | 201-800-4 | 88-12-0 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 | H351 H332 H312 H302 H373 ** H335 H318 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H351 H332 H312 H302 H373 ** H335 H318 | | | D |
613-169-00-6 | 9-vinylcarbazole | 216-055-0 | 1484-13-5 | Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H341 H312 H302 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H341 H312 H302 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
613-170-00-1 | 2,2-ethylmethylthiazolidine | 404-500-3 | 694-64-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
613-171-00-7 | hexaconazole (ISO); (RS)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)hexan-2-ol | 413-050-7 | 79983-71-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H411 | | | |
613-172-00-2 | 5-chloro-1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one | 412-200-9 | 17630-75-0 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H361f *** H302 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H361f *** H302 H317 H412 | | | |
613-173-00-8 | fluquinconazole (ISO); 3-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-6-fluoro-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)quinazolin-4-(3H)-one | 411-960-9 | 136426-54-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H372 ** H312 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H372 ** H312 H315 H410 | | | |
613-174-00-3 | (±) 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)propyl-1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethylether | 407-760-6 | 112281-77-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H332 H302 H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H332 H302 H411 | | | |
613-175-00-9 | epoxiconazole(ISO); (2RS,3SR)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-(4-fluorophenyl)-[(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl]oxirane | 406-850-2 | 133855-98-8 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H351 H361fd H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H361fd H411 | | | |
613-176-00-4 | 2-methyl-2-azabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane | 404-810-9 | 4524-95-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B | H226 H312 H302 H373 ** H314 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H312 H302 H373 ** H314 | | | |
613-177-00-X | 8-amino-7-methylquinoline | 412-760-4 | 5470-82-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H317 H411 | | | |
613-178-00-5 | 4-ethyl-2-methyl-2-isopentyl-1,3-oxazolidine | 410-470-2 | 137796-06-6 | Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 | H314 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H317 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
613-179-00-0 | lithium 3-oxo-1,2(2H)-benzisothiazol-2-ide | 411-690-1 | 111337-53-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H314 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 H411 | | | |
613-180-00-6 | N-(1,1-dimethylethyl)bis(2-benzothiazolesulfen)amide | 407-430-1 | 3741-80-8 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-181-00-1 | 5,5-dimethyl-perhydro-pyrimidin-2-one α-(4-trifluoromethylstyryl)-α-(4-trifluoromethyl)cinnamylidenehydrazone | 405-090-9 | 67485-29-4 | STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H372 ** H302 H319 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H302 H319 H410 | | | |
613-182-00-7 | 1-(1-naphthylmethyl)quinolinium chloride | 406-220-7 | 65322-65-8 | Carc. 2 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H351 H341 H302 H315 H318 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H351 H341 H302 H315 H318 H412 | | | |
613-183-00-2 | reaction mass of: 5-(N-methylperfluorooctylsulfonamido)methyl-3-octadecyl-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one; 5-(N-methylperfluoroheptylsulfonamido)methyl-3-octadecyl-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one | 413-640-4 | — | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H410 | | | |
613-184-00-8 | nitrilotriethyleneammoniopropane-2-ol 2-ethylhexanoate | 413-670-8 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H319 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 | | | |
613-185-00-3 | 2,3,5,6-tetrahydro-2-methyl-2H-cyclopenta[d]-1,2-thiazol-3-one | 407-630-9 | 82633-79-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
613-186-00-9 | (2R,3R)-3-((R)-1-(tert-butyldimethylsiloxy)ethyl)-4-oxoazetidin-2-yl acetate | 408-050-9 | 76855-69-1 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H317 H411 | | | |
613-188-00-X | 1-(3-(4-fluorophenoxy)propyl)-3-methoxy-4-piperidinone | 411-500-7 | 116256-11-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
613-189-00-5 | 1,4,7,10-tetrakis(p-toluensulfonyl)-1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane | 414-030-0 | 52667-88-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
613-190-00-0 | disodium 1-amino-4-(2-(5-chloro-6-fluoro-pyrimidin-4-ylamino-methyl)-4-methyl-6-sulfo-phenylamino)-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydro-anthracene-2-sulfonate | 414-040-5 | 149530-93-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H317 | | | |
613-191-00-6 | 3-ethyl-2-methyl-2-(3-methylbutyl)-1,3-oxazolidine | 421-150-7 | 143860-04-2 | Repr. 1B Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H360F *** H314 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H360F *** H314 H410 | | | |
613-193-00-7 | pentakis[3-(dimethylammonio)propylsulfamoyl]-[(6-hydroxy-4,4,8,8-tetramethyl-4,8-diazoniaundecane-1,11-diyldisulfamoyl)di[phthalocyaninecopper(II)]] heptalactate | 414-930-3 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
613-194-00-2 | 6,13-dichloro-3,10-bis{2-[4-fluoro-6-(2-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]propylamino}benzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-.b.]phenoxazine-4,11-disulphonic acid, lithium-, sodium salt | 418-000-8 | 163062-28-0 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
613-195-00-8 | 2,2-(1,4-phenylene)bis((4H—3,1-benzoxazine-4-one) | 418-280-1 | 18600-59-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
613-196-00-3 | 5-[[4-chloro-6-[[2-[[4-fluoro-6-[[5-hydroxy-6-[(4-methoxy-2-sulfophenyl)azo]-7-sulfo-2-naphthalenyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-1-methylethyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-3-[[4-(ethenylsulfonyl)phenyl]azo]-4-hydroxy-naphtalene-2,7-disulfonic acid, sodium salt | 418-380-5 | 168113-78-8 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
613-197-00-9 | reaction mass of: 2,4,6-tri(butylcarbamoyl)-1,3,5-triazine; 2,4,6-tri(methylcarbamoyl)-1,3,5-triazine; [(2-butyl-4,6-dimethyl)tricarbamoyl]-1,3,5-triazine; [(2,4-dibutyl-6-methyl)tricarbamoyl]-1,3,5-triazine | 420-390-1 | 187547-46-2 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
613-199-00-X | reaction mass of: 1,3,5-tris(3-aminomethylphenyl)-1,3,5-(1H,3H,5H)-triazine-2,4,6-trione; reaction mass of oligomers of 3,5-bis(3-aminomethylphenyl)-1-poly[3,5-bis(3-aminomethylphenyl)-2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5-(1H,3H,5H)-triazin-1-yl]-1,3,5-(1H,3H,5H)-triazine-2,4,6-trione | 421-550-1 | — | Carc. 1B Repr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H360D *** H317 H412 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H360D *** H317 H412 | | | |
613-200-00-3 | Reaction product of: copper, (29H,31H-phthalocyaninato(2-)-N29,N30,N31,N32)-, chlorosulfuric acid and 3-(2-sulfooxyethylsulfonyl)aniline, sodium salts | 420-980-7 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
613-201-00-9 | (R)-5-bromo-3-(1-methyl-2-pyrrolidinyl methyl)-1H-indole | 422-390-5 | 143322-57-0 | Repr. 2 STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361f *** H372 ** H332 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H361f *** H372 ** H332 H302 H317 H410 | EUH070 | | |
613-202-00-4 | pymetrozine (ISO); (E)-4,5-dihydro-6-methyl-4-(3-pyridylmethyleneamino)-1,2,4-triazin-3(2H)-one | — | 123312-89-0 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H351 H412 | GHS08 Wng | H351 H412 | | | |
613-203-00-X | pyraflufen-ethyl; [1] pyraflufen [2] | -[1] -[2] | 129630-19-9 [1] 129630-17-7 [2] | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-204-00-5 | oxadiargyl (ISO); 3-[2,4-dichloro-5-(2-propynyloxy)phenyl]-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one; 5-tert-butyl-3-[2,4-dichloro-5-(prop-2-ynyloxy)phenyl]-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one | 254-637-6 | 39807-15-3 | Repr. 2 STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H373 ** H410 | | | |
613-205-00-0 | propiconazole(ISO); (±) 1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-propyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-ylmethyl]-1H—1,2,4-triazole | 262-104-4 | 60207-90-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
613-206-00-6 | fenamidone (ISO); (S)-5-methyl-2-methylthio-5-phenyl-3-phenylamino-3,5-dihydroimidazol-4-one | — | 161326-34-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-208-00-7 | imazamox (ISO); (RS)-2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-2-imidazolin-2-yl)-5-methoxymethylnicotinic acid | — | 114311-32-9 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-209-00-2 | cis-1-(3-chloropropyl)-2,6-dimethyl-piperidin hydrochloride | 417-430-3 | 63645-17-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H301 H373 ** H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H373 ** H317 H411 | | | |
613-210-00-8 | 2-(3-chloropropyl)-2,5,5-trimethyl-1,3-dioxane | 417-650-1 | 88128-57-8 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H373 ** H412 | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** H412 | | | |
613-211-00-3 | N-methyl-4-(p-formylstyryl)pyridinium methylsulfate | 418-240-3 | 74401-04-0 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
613-212-00-9 | 4-[4-(2-ethylhexyloxy)phenyl](1,4-thiazinane-1,1-dioxide) | 418-320-8 | 133467-41-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
613-213-00-4 | cis-1-benzoyl-4-[(4-methylsulfonyl)oxy]-L-proline | 416-040-0 | 120807-02-5 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
613-214-00-X | N,N-di-n-butyl-2-(1,2-dihydro-3-hydroxy-6-isopropyl-2-quinolylidene)-1,3-dioxoindan-5-carboxamide | 416-260-7 | 147613-95-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
613-215-00-5 | 2-chloromethyl-3,4-dimethoxypyridinium chloride | 416-440-5 | 72830-09-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H312 H302 H373 ** H315 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
613-216-00-0 | 6-tert-butyl-7-(6-diethylamino-2-methyl-3-pyridylimino)-3-(3-methylphenyl)pyrazolo[3,2-c][1,2,4]triazole | 416-490-8 | 162208-01-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-217-00-6 | 4-[3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyloxy]-1-[2-[3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydrophenyl)propionyloxy]ethyl]-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine | 416-770-1 | 73754-27-5 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
613-218-00-1 | 6-hydroxyindole | 417-020-4 | 2380-86-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
613-219-00-7 | 7a-ethyl-3,5-bis(1-methylethyl)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydrooxazolo[3,4-c]-2,3,4,5-tetrahydrooxazole | 417-140-7 | 79185-77-6 | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
613-220-00-2 | trans-(4S,6S)-5,6-dihydro-6-methyl-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-4-ol, 7,7-dioxide | 417-290-3 | 147086-81-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
613-221-00-8 | 2-chloro-5-methyl-pyridine | 418-050-0 | 18368-64-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H312 H302 H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H312 H302 H315 H412 | | | |
613-222-00-3 | 4-(1-oxo-2-propenyl)-morpholine | 418-140-1 | 5117-12-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H373 ** H318 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H373 ** H318 H317 | | | |
613-223-00-9 | N-isopropyl-3-(4-fluorophenyl)-1H-indole | 418-790-4 | 93957-49-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
613-224-00-4 | 2,5-dimercaptomethyl-1,4-dithiane | 419-770-8 | 136122-15-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
613-225-00-X | reaction mass of:[2-(anthraquinon-1-ylamino)-6-[(5-benzoylamino)-anthraquinone-1-ylamino]-4-phenyl]-1,3,5-triazine; 2,6-bis-[(5-benzoylamino)-anthraquinon-1-ylamino]-4-phenyl-1,3,5-triazine. | 421-290-9 | — | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 4 | H373 ** H413 | GHS08 Wng | H373 ** H413 | | | |
613-226-00-5 | 1-(2-(ethyl(4-(4-(4-(4-(ethyl(2-pyridinoethyl)amino)-2-methylphenylazo)benzoylamino)-phenylazo)-3-methylphenyl)amino)ethyl)-pyridinium dichloride | 420-950-3 | 163831-67-2 | Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H410 | | | |
613-227-00-0 | (±)-[(R*,R*) and (R*,S*)]-6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2-oxiranyl-2H-1-benzopyran | 419-600-2 | 99199-90-3 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
613-228-00-6 | (±)-(R*,S*)-6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2-oxiranyl-2H-1-benzopyran | 419-630-6 | 793669-26-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
613-230-00-7 | florasulam (ISO); 2',6',8-trifluoro-5-methoxy-5-triazolo[1,5-c]; pyrimidine-2-sulfonanilide | — | 145701-23-1 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
613-233-00-3 | 4,4'-(oxy-(bismethylene))-bis-1,3-dioxolane | 423-230-7 | 56552-15-9 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
614-001-00-4 | nicotine (ISO); 3-(N-methyl-2-pyrrolidinyl)pyridine | 200-193-3 | 54-11-5 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H310 H301 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H301 H411 | | | |
614-002-00-X | salts of nicotine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H330 H310 H300 H411 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 H411 | | | A |
614-003-00-5 | strychnine | 200-319-7 | 57-24-9 | Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H310 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H310 H300 H410 | | | |
614-004-00-0 | salts of strychnine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H330 H300 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H300 H410 | | | A |
614-005-00-6 | colchicine | 200-598-5 | 64-86-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | |
614-006-00-1 | brucine; 2,3-dimethoxystrychnine | 206-614-7 | 357-57-3 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H330 H300 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 H412 | | | |
614-007-00-7 | brucine sulphate; [1] brucine nitrate; [2] strychnidin-10-one, 2,3-dimethoxy-, mono[(R)-1-methylheptyl 1,2-benzenedicarboxylate]; [3] strychnidin-10-one, 2,3-dimethoxy-, compd. with (S)mono(1-methylheptyl)-1,2-benzenedicarboxylate (1:1) [4] | 225-432-9 [1] 227-317-9 [2] 269-439-5 [3] 269-710-8 [4] | 4845-99-2 [1] 5786-97-0 [2] 68239-26-9 [3] 68310-42-9 [4] | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H330 H300 H412 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 H412 | | | A |
614-008-00-2 | aconitine | 206-121-7 | 302-27-2 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | |
614-009-00-8 | salts of aconitine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | A |
614-010-00-3 | atropine | 200-104-8 | 51-55-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | |
614-011-00-9 | salts of atropine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | A |
614-012-00-4 | hyoscyamine | 202-933-0 | 101-31-5 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | |
614-013-00-X | salts of hyoscyamine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | A |
614-014-00-5 | hyoscine | 200-090-3 | 51-34-3 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 | | | |
614-015-00-0 | salts of hyoscine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 1 Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H310 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H310 H300 | | | A |
614-016-00-6 | pilocarpine | 202-128-4 | 92-13-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | |
614-017-00-1 | salts of pilocarpine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | A |
614-018-00-7 | papaverine | 200-397-2 | 58-74-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
614-019-00-2 | salts of papaverine | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | A |
614-020-00-8 | physostigmine | 200-332-8 | 57-47-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | |
614-021-00-3 | salts of physostigmine | — | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 2 * | H330 H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H330 H300 | | | A |
614-022-00-9 | digitoxin | 200-760-5 | 71-63-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * | H331 H301 H373 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H301 H373 ** | | | |
614-023-00-4 | ephedrine | 206-080-5 | 299-42-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
614-024-00-X | salts of ephedrine | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | A |
614-025-00-5 | ouabain | 211-139-3 | 630-60-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * | H331 H301 H373 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H301 H373 ** | | | |
614-026-00-0 | strophantin-K | 234-239-9 | 11005-63-3 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * | H331 H301 H373 ** | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H301 H373 ** | | | |
614-027-00-6 | bufa-4,20,22-trienolide, 6-(acetyloxy)-3-(β-D-glucopyranosyloxy)-8,14-dihydroxy-, (3β, 6β)-; red squill; scilliroside | 208-077-4 | 507-60-8 | Acute Tox. 2 * | H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 | | | |
614-028-00-1 | reaction mass of: 2-ethylhexyl mono-D-glucopyranoside; 2-ethylhexyl di-D-glucopyranoside | 414-420-0 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
614-029-00-7 | constitutional isomers of penta-O-allyl-β-D-fructofuranosyl-α-D-glucopyranoside; constitutional isomers of hexa-O-allyl-β-D-fructofuranosyl-α-D-glucopyranoside; constitutional isomers of hepta-O-allyl-β-D-fructofuransoyl-α-D-glucopyranoside | 419-640-0 | 68784-14-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
615-001-00-7 | methyl isocyanate | 210-866-3 | 624-83-9 | Flam. Liq. 2 Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H225 H361d *** H330 H311 H301 H335 H315 H318 H334 H317 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H225 H361d *** H330 H311 H301 H335 H315 H318 H334 H317 | | | |
615-002-00-2 | methyl isothiocyanate | 209-132-5 | 556-61-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
615-003-00-8 | thiocyanic acid | 207-337-4 | 463-56-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H312 H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H412 | EUH032 | | |
615-004-00-3 | salts of thiocyanic acid | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H312 H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H412 | EUH032 | | A |
615-005-00-9 | 4,4'-methylenediphenyl diisocyanate; diphenylmethane-4,4'-diisocyanate; [1] 2,2'-methylenediphenyl diisocyanate; diphenylmethane-2,2'-diisocyanate; [2] o-(p-isocyanatobenzyl)phenyl isocyanate; diphenylmethane-2,4'-diisocyanate; [3] methylenediphenyl diisocyanate [4] | 202-966-0 [1] 219-799-4 [2] 227-534-9 [3] 247-714-0 [4] | 101-68-8 [1] 2536-05-2 [2] 5873-54-1 [3] 26447-40-5 [4] | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H332 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | | Eye Irrit.; H319: C ≥ 5 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % Resp. Sens. 1; H334: C ≥ 0,1 % | C 2 |
615-006-00-4 | 2-methyl-m-phenylene diisocyanate; toluene-2,4-di-isocyanate; [1] 4-methyl-m-phenylene diisocyanate; toluene-2,6-di-isocyanate; [2] m-tolylidene diisocyanate; toluene-diisocyanate [3] | 202-039-0 [1] 209-544-5 [2] 247-722-4 [3] | 91-08-7 [1] 584-84-9 [2] 26471-62-5 [3] | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 2 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H351 H330 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 H412 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H351 H330 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 H412 | | Resp. Sens. 1; H334: C ≥ 0,1 % | C |
615-007-00-X | 1,5-naphthylene diisocyanate | 221-641-4 | 3173-72-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H319 H335 H315 H334 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H332 H319 H335 H315 H334 H412 | | | |
615-008-00-5 | 3-isocyanatomethyl-3,5,5-trimethylcyclohexyl isocyanate; isophorone di-isocyanate | 223-861-6 | 4098-71-9 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 H411 | | * Resp. Sens. 1; H334: C ≥ 0,5 % Skin Sens.1; H317: C ≥ 0,5 % | 2 |
615-009-00-0 | 4,4'-methylenedi(cyclohexyl isocyanate); dicyclohexylmethane-4,4'-di-isocyanate | 225-863-2 | 5124-30-1 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | | * Resp. Sens. 1; H334: C ≥ 0,5 % Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,5 % | 2 |
615-010-00-6 | 2,2,4-trimethylhexamethylene-1,6-di-isocyanate; [1] 2,4,4-trimethylhexamethylene-1,6-di-isocyanate [2] | 241-001-8 [1] 239-714-4 [2] | 16938-22-0 [1] 15646-96-5 [2] | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 | | * Resp. Sens. 1; H334: C ≥ 0,5 % Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,5 % | C 2 |
615-011-00-1 | hexamethylene-di-isocyanate | 212-485-8 | 822-06-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H331 H319 H335 H315 H334 H317 | | * Resp. Sens. 1; H334: C ≥ 0,5 % Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,5 % | 2 |
615-012-00-7 | 4-isocyanatosulphonyltoluene; tosyl isocyanate | 223-810-8 | 4083-64-1 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | EUH014 | Eye Irrit.; H319: C ≥ 5 % STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: C ≥ 5 % | |
615-013-00-2 | cyanamide; carbanonitril | 206-992-3 | 420-04-2 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H301 H312 H319 H315 H317 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 H319 H315 H317 | | | |
615-014-00-8 | tris(1-dodecyl-3-methyl-2-phenylbenzimidazolium)hexacyanoferrate | — | 7276-58-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
615-015-00-3 | 1,7,7-trimethylbicyclo(2,2,1)hept-2-yl thiocyanatoacetate; isobornyl thiocyanoacetate | 204-081-5 | 115-31-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
615-016-00-9 | potassium cyanate | 209-676-3 | 590-28-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
615-017-00-4 | calcium cyanamide | 205-861-8 | 156-62-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H335 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H335 H318 | | | |
615-018-00-X | 2-(2-butoxyethoxy)ethyl thiocyanate | 203-985-7 | 112-56-1 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H226 H311 H301 | GHS02 GHS06 Dgr | H226 H311 H301 | | | |
615-019-00-5 | dicyclohexylcarbodiimide | 208-704-1 | 538-75-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H311 H302 H318 H317 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H311 H302 H318 H317 | | | |
615-020-00-0 | methylene dithiocyanate | 228-652-3 | 6317-18-6 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H330 H301 H314 H317 H400 | GHS06 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H330 H301 H314 H317 H400 | | | |
615-021-00-6 | 1,3,5-tris(oxiranylmethyl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-trione; TGIC | 219-514-3 | 2451-62-9 | Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H340 H331 H301 H373 ** H318 H317 H412 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H340 H331 H301 H373 ** H318 H317 H412 | | | |
615-022-00-1 | methyl 3-isocyanatosulfonyl-2-thiophene-carboxylate | 410-550-7 | 79277-18-2 | STOT RE 2 * Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H373 ** H334 H317 | GHS08 Dgr | E; R2 H373 ** H334 H317 | EUH014 | | |
615-023-00-7 | 2-(isocyanatosulfonylmethyl)benzoic acid methyl ester; (alt.):methyl 2-(isocyanatosulfonylmethyl)benzoate | 410-900-9 | 83056-32-0 | Flam. Liq. 3 Muta. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 | H226 H341 H332 H373 ** H318 H334 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H226 H341 H332 H373 ** H318 H334 | EUH014 | | |
615-024-00-2 | 2-phenylethylisocyanate | 413-080-0 | 1943-82-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H302 H314 H334 H317 H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H302 H314 H334 H317 H411 | | | |
615-025-00-8 | 4,4'-ethylidenediphenyl dicyanate | 405-740-1 | 47073-92-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H302 H373 ** H318 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H332 H302 H373 ** H318 H410 | | | |
615-026-00-3 | 4,4'-methylenebis(2,6-dimethylphenyl cyanate) | 405-790-4 | 101657-77-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
615-028-00-4 | ethyl 2-(isocyanatosulfonyl)benzoate | 410-220-2 | 77375-79-2 | **** Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H302 H373 ** H318 H334 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | E; R2 H302 H373 ** H318 H334 H317 | EUH014 | | |
615-029-00-X | 2,5-bis-isocyanatomethyl-bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane | 411-280-2 | — | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H330 H302 H314 H334 H317 H412 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H330 H302 H314 H334 H317 H412 | | | |
615-030-00-5 | alkali salts, alkali earth salts and other salts of thiocyanic acid not mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H332 H312 H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H412 | EUH032 | | A |
615-031-00-0 | thallium salt of thiocyanic acid | 222-571-7 | 3535-84-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H332 H312 H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H411 | EUH032 | | A |
615-032-00-6 | metal salts of thiocyanic acid not mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H312 H302 H410 | EUH032 | | A |
616-001-00-X | N,N-dimethylformamide; dimethyl formamide | 200-679-5 | 68-12-2 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H360D *** H332 H312 H319 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H360D *** H332 H312 H319 | | | |
616-002-00-5 | 2-fluoroacetamide | 211-363-1 | 640-19-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * Acute Tox. 3 * | H300 H311 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 H311 | | | |
616-003-00-0 | acrylamide; prop-2-enamide | 201-173-7 | 79-06-1 | Carc. 1B Muta. 1B Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H350 H340 H361f *** H301 H372 ** H332 H312 H319 H315 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H350 H340 H361f *** H301 H372 ** H332 H312 H319 H315 H317 | | | D |
616-004-00-6 | allidochlor (ISO); N,N-diallylchloroacetamide | 202-270-7 | 93-71-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H312 H302 H319 H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H319 H315 H411 | | | |
616-005-00-1 | chlorthiamid (ISO); 2,6-dichloro (thiobenzamide) | 217-637-7 | 1918-13-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
616-006-00-7 | dichlofluanid (ISO); N-dichlorofluoromethylthio-N',N'-dimethyl-N-phenylsulphamide | 214-118-7 | 1085-98-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
616-007-00-2 | diphenamid (ISO); N,N-dimethyl-2,2-diphenylacetamide | 213-482-4 | 957-51-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
616-008-00-8 | propachlor (ISO); 2-chloro-N-isopropylacetanilide; α-chloro-N-isopropylacetanilide | 217-638-2 | 1918-16-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H319 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H317 H410 | | | |
616-009-00-3 | propanil (ISO); 3',4'-dichloropropionanilide | 211-914-6 | 709-98-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 | H302 H400 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H400 | | | |
616-010-00-9 | tosylchloramide sodium | 204-854-7 | 127-65-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Resp. Sens. 1 | H302 H314 H334 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dg | H302 H314 H334 | EUH031 | | |
616-011-00-4 | N,N-dimethylacetamide | 204-826-4 | 127-19-5 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H360D *** H332 H312 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H360D *** H332 H312 | | Repr. 1B; H360D: C ≥ 5 % | |
616-012-00-X | N-(dichlorofluoromethylthio)phthalimide; N-(fluorodichloromethylthio)phthalimide | 211-952-3 | 719-96-0 | Skin Irrit. 2 | H315 | GHS07 Wng | H315 | | | |
616-013-00-5 | butyraldehyde oxime | 203-792-8 | 110-69-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H311 H302 H319 | GHS06 Dgr | H311 H302 H319 | | | |
616-014-00-0 | 2-butanone oxime; ethyl methyl ketoxime; ethyl methyl ketone oxime | 202-496-6 | 96-29-7 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H351 H312 H318 H317 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H351 H312 H318 H317 | | | |
616-015-00-6 | alachlor (ISO); 2-chloro-2',6'-diethyl-N-(methoxymethyl)acetanilide | 240-110-8 | 15972-60-8 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H317 H410 | | M=10 | |
616-016-00-1 | 1-(3,4-dichlorophenylimino) thiosemicarbazide | — | 5836-73-7 | Acute Tox. 2 * | H300 | GHS06 Dgr | H300 | | | |
616-017-00-7 | cartap hydrochloride | 239-309-2 | 15263-52-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H312 H302 H410 | | | |
616-018-00-2 | N,N-diethyl-m-toluamide; deet | 205-149-7 | 134-62-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H319 H315 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 H315 H412 | | | |
616-019-00-8 | perfluidone (ISO); 1,1,1-trifluoro-N-(4-phenylsulphonyl-o-tolyl)methanesulphonamide; | 253-718-3 | 37924-13-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
616-020-00-3 | tebuthiuron (ISO); 1-(5-tert-butyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)-1,3-dimethylurea | 251-793-7 | 34014-18-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
616-021-00-9 | thiazafluron (ISO); 1,3-dimethyl-1-(5-trifluoromethyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)urea | 246-901-4 | 25366-23-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
616-022-00-4 | acetamide | 200-473-5 | 60-35-5 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | |
616-023-00-X | N-hexadecyl(or octadecyl)-N-hexadecyl(or octadecyl)benzamide | 401-980-6 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H315 H317 | GHS07 Wng | H315 H317 | | | |
616-024-00-5 | 2-(4,4-dimethyl-2,5-dioxooxazolidin-1-yl)-2-chloro-5-(2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)butyramido)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxovaleranilide | 402-260-4 | 54942-74-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-025-00-0 | valinamide | 402-840-7 | 20108-78-5 | Repr. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H361f *** H319 H317 | GHS08 Wng | H361f *** H319 H317 | | | |
616-026-00-6 | thioacetamide | 200-541-4 | 62-55-5 | Carc. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H350 H302 H319 H315 H412 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350 H302 H319 H315 H412 | | | |
616-027-00-1 | tris(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl)ammonium 3-acetoacetamido-4-methoxybenzenesulfonate | 403-760-5 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
616-028-00-7 | N-(4-(3-(4-cyanophenyl)ureido)-3-hydroxyphenyl)-2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)octanamide | 403-790-9 | 108673-51-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
616-029-00-2 | N,N'-ethylenebis(vinylsulfonylacetamide) | 404-790-1 | 66710-66-5 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H318 H317 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H318 H317 | | | |
616-030-00-8 | ethidimuron (ISO); 1-(5-ethylsulphonyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)-1,3-dimethylurea | 250-010-6 | 30043-49-3 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
616-031-00-3 | dimethachlor (ISO); 2-chloro-N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(2-methoxyethyl)acetamide; | 256-625-6 | 50563-36-5 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
616-032-00-9 | diflufenican (ISO); N-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-2-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-3-pyridinecarboxamide | — | 83164-33-4 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
616-033-00-4 | cyprofuram (ISO); N-(3-chlorophenyl)-N-(tetrahydro-2-oxo-3-furyl)cyclopropanecarboxamide | 274-050-9 | 69581-33-5 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H312 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H312 H410 | | | |
616-034-00-X | pyracarbolid; (ISO); 3,4-dihydro-6-methyl-2H-pyran-5-carboxanilide | 246-419-4 | 24691-76-7 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
616-035-00-5 | cymoxanil (ISO); 2-cyano-N-[(ethylamino)carbonyl]-2-(methoxyimino)acetamide | 261-043-0 | 57966-95-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
616-036-00-0 | 2-chloracetamide | 201-174-2 | 79-07-2 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 | H361f *** H301 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 Dgr | H361f *** H301 H317 | | Skin Sens. 1; H317: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
616-037-00-6 | acetochlor (ISO); 2-chloro-N-(ethoxymethyl)-N-(2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)acetamide | 251-899-3 | 34256-82-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H332 H335 H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H332 H335 H315 H317 H410 | | | |
616-038-00-1 | (4-aminophenyl)-N-methylmethylensulfonamide hydrochloride | 406-010-5 | 88918-84-7 | Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H318 H317 H411 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H318 H317 H411 | | | |
616-039-00-7 | 3',5'-dichloro-4'-ethyl-2'-hydroxypalmitanilide | 406-200-8 | 117827-06-2 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
616-040-00-2 | potassium N-(4-toluenesulfonyl)-4-toluenesulfonamide | 406-650-5 | 97888-41-0 | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
616-041-00-8 | 3',5'-dichloro-2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)-4'-ethyl-2'-hydroxyhexananilide | 406-840-8 | 101664-25-9 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-042-00-3 | N-(2-(6-ethyl-7-(4-methylphenoxy)-1H-pyrazolo[1,5-b][1,2,4]triazol-2-yl)propyl)-2-octadecyloxybenzamide | 407-070-5 | 142859-67-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
616-043-00-9 | isoxaben (ISO); N-[3-(1-ethyl-1-methylpropyl)-1,2-oxazol-5-yl]-2,6-dimethoxybenzamide | 407-190-8 | 82558-50-7 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-044-00-4 | N-(3,5-dichloro-4-ethyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-2-(3-pentadecylphenoxy)-butanamide | 402-510-2 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
616-045-00-X | 2'-(4-chloro-3-cyano-5-formyl-2-thienylazo)-5'-diethylamino-2-methoxyacetanilide | 405-190-2 | 122371-93-1 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
616-046-00-5 | N-(2-(6-chloro-7-methylpyrazolo(1,5-b)-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl)propyl)-2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)octanamide | 406-390-2 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-047-00-0 | reaction mass of: 2,2',2'',2'''-(ethylenedinitrilotetrakis-N,N-di(C16)alkylacetamide; 2,2',2'',2'''-(ethylenedinitrilotetrakis-N,N-di(C18)alkylacetamide | 406-640-0 | — | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
616-048-00-6 | 3'-trifluoromethylisobutyranilide | 406-740-4 | 1939-27-1 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H411 | | | |
616-049-00-1 | 2-(2,4-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)phenoxy)-N-(3,5-dichloro-4-ethyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-hexanamide | 408-150-2 | 99141-89-6 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-050-00-7 | lufenuron (ISO); N-[2,5-dichloro-4-(1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoropropoxy)-phenyl-aminocarbonyl]-2,6-difluorobenzamide | 410-690-9 | 103055-07-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
616-051-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2,4 -bis(N'-(4-methylphenyl)-ureido)-toluene; 2,6 -bis(N'-(4-methylphenyl)-ureido)-toluene | 411-070-0 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-052-00-8 | formamide | 200-842-0 | 75-12-7 | Repr. 1B | H360D *** | GHS08 Dgr | H360D *** | | | |
616-053-00-3 | N-methylacetamide | 201-182-6 | 79-16-3 | Repr. 1B | H360D *** | GHS08 Dgr | H360D *** | | | |
616-054-00-9 | iprodione (ISO); 3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-2,4-dioxo-N-isopropylimidazolidine-1-carboxamide | 253-178-9 | 36734-19-7 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
616-055-00-4 | propyzamide (ISO); 3,5-dichloro-N-(1,1-dimethylprop-2-ynyl)benzamide | 245-951-4 | 23950-58-5 | Carc. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H410 | | | |
616-056-00-X | N-methylformamide | 204-624-6 | 123-39-7 | Repr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H360D *** H312 | GHS08 GHS07 Dg | H360D *** H312 | | | |
616-057-00-5 | reaction mass of: N-[3-hydroxy-2-(2-methylacryloylaminomethoxy)propoxymethyl]-2-methylacrylamide; N-[2,3-bis-(2-methylacryloylaminomethoxy)propoxymethyl]-2-methylacrylamide; methacrylamide; 2-methyl-N-(2-methylacryloylaminomethoxymethyl)-acrylamide; N-(2,3-dihydroxypropoxymethyl)-2-methylacrylamide | 412-790-8 | — | Carc. 1B Muta. 2 STOT RE 2 * | H350 H341 H373 ** | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H341 H373 ** | | | |
616-058-00-0 | 1,3-bis(3-methyl-2,5-dioxo-1H-pyrrolinylmethyl)benzene | 412-570-1 | 119462-56-5 | STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H373 ** H318 H317 H410 | | | |
616-059-00-6 | 4-((4-(diethylamino)-2-ethoxyphenyl)imino)-1,4-dihydro-1-oxo-N-propyl-2-naphthalenecarboxamide | 412-650-6 | 121487-83-0 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-060-00-1 | Condensation product of: 3-(7-carboxyhept-1-yl)-6-hexyl-4-cyclohexene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid with polyamines (primarily amino-ethyl-piperazine and triethylenetetramine) | 413-770-1 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H314 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H314 H317 H410 | | | |
616-061-00-7 | N,N'—1,6-hexanediylbis(N-(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-piperidin-4-yl)-formamide | 413-610-0 | 124172-53-8 | Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H412 | | | |
616-062-00-2 | N-[3-[(2-acetyloxy)ethyl](phenyl-methyl)amino]-4-methoxyphenylacetamide | 411-590-8 | 70693-57-1 | Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H314 H412 | GHS05 Dgr | H314 H412 | | | |
616-063-00-8 | 3-dodecyl-(1-(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidin)-yl)-2,5-pyrrolidindione | 411-920-0 | 106917-30-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H302 H373 ** H314 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H302 H373 ** H314 H410 | | | |
616-064-00-3 | N—tert-butyl-3-methylpicolinamide | 406-720-5 | 32998-95-1 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
616-065-00-9 | 3'-(3-acetyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1,1-diethylurea | 411-970-3 | 79881-89-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * | H302 H373 ** | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H302 H373 ** | | | |
616-066-00-4 | 5,6,12,13-tetrachloroanthra(2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f')diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10(2H,9H)-tetrone | 405-100-1 | 115662-06-1 | Repr. 2 | H361f *** | GHS08 Wng | H361f *** | | | |
616-067-00-X | dodecyl 3-(2-(3-benzyl-4-ethoxy-2,5-dioxoimidazolidin-1-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxovaleramido)-4-chlorobenzoate | 407-300-4 | 92683-20-0 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-068-00-5 | potassium 4-(11-methacrylamidoundecanamido)benzenesulfonate | 406-500-9 | 174393-75-0 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
616-069-00-0 | 1-hydroxy-5-(2-methylpropyloxycarbonylamino)-N-(3-dodecyloxypropyl)-2-naphthoamide | 406-210-2 | 110560-22-0 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-070-00-6 | reaction mass of: 3,3'-dicyclohexyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea; 3-cyclohexyl-1-(4-(4-(3-octadecylureido)benzyl)phenyl)urea; 3,3'-dioctadecyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea | 406-530-2 | — | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-071-00-1 | reaction mass of: bis(N-cyclohexyl-N'-phenyleneureido)methylene; bis(N-octadecyl-N'-phenyleneureido)methylene; bis(N-dicyclohexyl-N'-phenyleneureido)methylene (1:2:1) | 406-550-1 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
616-072-00-7 | 1-(2-deoxy-5-O-trityl-β-D-threopentofuranosyl)thymine | 407-120-6 | 55612-11-8 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-073-00-2 | 4'-ethoxy-2-benzimidazoleanilide | 407-600-5 | 120187-29-3 | Muta. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H341 H413 | GHS08 Wng | H341 H413 | | | |
616-074-00-8 | N-butyl-2-(4-morpholinylcarbonyl)benzamide | 407-730-2 | 104958-67-0 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H317 H412 | | | |
616-075-00-3 | D, L-(N,N-diethyl-2-hydroxy-2-phenylacetamide) | 408-120-9 | 65197-96-8 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 | H302 H318 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H302 H318 | | | |
616-076-00-9 | tebufenozide (ISO); N-tert-butyl-N'-(4-ethylbenzoyl)-3,5-dimethylbenzohydrazide | 412-850-3 | 112410-23-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
616-077-00-4 | reaction mass of: 2-(9-methyl-1,3,8,10-tetraoxo-2,3,9,10-tetrahydro-(1H,8H)-anthra[2,1,9-def: 6,5,10-d'e'f']diisoquinolin-2-ylethansulfonic acid; potassium 2-(9-methyl-1,3,8,10-tetraoxo-2,3,9,10-tetrahydro-(1H,8H)-anthra[2,1,9-def: 6,5,10-d'e'f']diisoquinolin-2-ylethansulfate | 411-310-4 | — | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | GHS05 Dgr | H318 | | | |
616-078-00-X | 2-[2,4-bis(1,1-dimethyl-ethyl)phenoxy]-N-(2-hydroxy-5-methyl-phenyl)hexanamide | 411-330-3 | 104541-33-5 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-079-00-5 | 1,6-hexanediyl-bis(2-(2-(1-ethylpentyl)-3-oxazolidinyl)ethyl)carbamate | 411-700-4 | 140921-24-0 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
616-080-00-0 | 4-(2-((3-ethyl-4-methyl-2-oxo-pyrrolin-1-yl)carboxamido)ethyl)benzenesulfonamide) | 411-850-0 | 119018-29-0 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
616-081-00-6 | 5-bromo-8-naphtholactam | 413-480-5 | 24856-00-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H317 H410 | | | |
616-082-00-1 | N-(5-chloro-3-((4-(diethylamino)-2-methylphenyl)imino-4-methyl-6-oxo-1,4-cyclohexadien-1-yl)benzamide | 413-200-1 | 129604-78-0 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
616-083-00-7 | [2-[(4-nitrophenyl)amino]ethyl]urea | 410-700-1 | 27080-42-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
616-084-00-2 | 2,4-bis[N'-(4-methylphenyl)ureido]toluene | 411-790-5 | — | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-085-00-8 | 3-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-6-fluoro-quinazoline-2,4(1H,3H)-dione | 412-190-6 | 168900-02-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-086-00-3 | 2-acetylamino-6-chloro-4-[(4-diethylamino)2-methylphenyl-imino]-5-methyl-1-oxo-2,5-cyclohexadiene | 412-250-1 | 102387-48-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-087-00-9 | reaction mass of: 7,9,9-trimethyl-3,14-dioxa-4,13-dioxo-5,12-diazahexadecane-1,16-diyl-prop-2-enoate; 7,7,9-trimethyl-3,14-dioxa-4,13-dioxo-5,12-diazahexadecan-1,16-diyl-prop-2-enoate | 412-260-6 | 52658-19-2 | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H319 H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H319 H317 H411 | | | |
616-088-00-4 | 2-aminosulfonyl-N,N-dimethylnicotinamide | 413-440-7 | 112006-75-4 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H412 | | | |
616-089-00-X | 5-(2,4-dioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydropyrimidine)-3-fluoro-2-hydroxymethyltetrahydrofuran | 415-360-8 | 41107-56-6 | Muta. 2 | H341 | GHS08 Wng | H341 | | | |
616-090-00-5 | 1-(1,4-benzodioxan-2-ylcarbonyl)piperazine hydrochloride | 415-660-9 | 70918-74-0 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H311 H301 H373 ** H411 | | | |
616-091-00-0 | 1,3,5-tris-[(2S and 2R)-2,3-epoxypropyl]-1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6-(1H,3H,5H)-trione | 423-400-0 | 59653-74-6 | Muta. 1B Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 | H340 H331 H302 H373 ** H318 H317 | GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 Dgr | H340 H331 H302 H373 ** H318 H317 | | | |
616-092-00-6 | Polymeric reaction product of bicyclo[2.2.1]hepta-2,5-diene, ethene, 1,4-hexadiene, 1-propene with N,N-di-2-propenylformamide | 404-035-6 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
616-093-00-1 | Reaction products of: aniline-terephthalaldehyde-o-toluidine condensate with maleic anhydride | 406-620-1 | 129217-90-9 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
616-094-00-7 | 3,3'-dicyclohexyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea | 406-370-3 | 58890-25-8 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H317 H413 | GHS07 Wng | H317 H413 | | | |
616-095-00-2 | 3,3'-dioctadecyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea | 406-690-3 | 43136-14-7 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-096-00-8 | N-(3-hexadecyloxy-2-hydroxyprop-1-yl)-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)palmitamide | 408-110-4 | 110483-07-3 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-097-00-3 | N,N'-1,4-phenylenebis(2-((2-methoxy-4-nitrophenyl)azo)-3-oxobutanamide | 411-840-6 | 83372-55-8 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-098-00-9 | 1-[4-chloro-3-((2,2,3,3,3-pentafluoropropoxy)methyl)phenyl]-5-phenyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole-3-carboxamide | 411-750-7 | 119126-15-7 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
616-099-00-4 | 2-[4-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)sulfonyl]phenoxy]-4,4-dimethyl-N-[5-[(methylsulfonyl)amino]-2-[4-(1,1,3,3-tetramethylbutyl)phenoxy]phenyl]-3-oxopentanamide | 414-170-2 | 135937-20-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-100-00-8 | 1,3-dimethyl-1,3-bis(trimethylsilyl)urea | 414-180-7 | 10218-17-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Irrit. 2 | H302 H315 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H315 | | | |
616-101-00-3 | (S)-N-tert-butyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-isoquinolinecarboxamide | 414-600-9 | 149182-72-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
616-102-00-9 | reaction mass of: α-[3-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonylamino)methylphenylaminocarbonyl]-ω-[3-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonylamino)methylphenylaminocarbonyloxy]-poly-(oxyethylene-co-oxypropylene); 1,2-(or 1,3-)bis[α-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonylamino)methylphenylaminocarbonyl)-ω-oxy-poly(oxyethylene-co-oxypropylene)]-3-(or 2-)propanol; 1,2,3-tris[α-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonyl-amino)methylphenylaminocarbonyl)-ω-oxy-poly-(oxyethylene-co-oxypropylene)]propane] | 415-870-0 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
616-103-00-4 | (S,S)-trans-4-(acetylamino)-5,6-dihydro-6-methyl-7,7-dioxo-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-2-sulfonamide | 415-030-3 | 120298-38-6 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H410 | | | |
616-104-00-X | benalaxyl (ISO); methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(phenylacetyl)-DL-alaninate | 275-728-7 | 71626-11-4 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-105-00-5 | chlorotoluron (ISO); 3-(3-chloro-p-tolyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 239-592-2 | 15545-48-9 | Carc. 2 Repr. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H361d *** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H351 H361d *** H410 | | | |
616-106-00-0 | phenmedipham (ISO); methyl 3-(3-methylcarbaniloyloxy)carbanilate | 237-199-0 | 13684-63-4 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-108-00-1 | iodosulfuron-methyl-sodium; sodium ({[5-iodo-2-(methoxycarbonyl)phenyl]sulfonyl}carbamoyl)(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)azanide | — | 144550-36-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-109-00-7 | sulfosulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-(2-ethylsulfonylimidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-3-yl)sulfonylurea | — | 141776-32-1 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-110-00-2 | cyclanilide (ISO); 1-(2,4-dichloroanilinocarbonyl)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid | 419-150-7 | 113136-77-9 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H411 | | | |
616-111-00-8 | fenhexamid (ISO); N-(2,3-dichlor-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylcyclohexancarboxamid | 422-530-5 | 126833-17-8 | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
616-112-00-3 | oxasulfuron (ISO); oxetan-3-yl 2-[(4,6-dimethylpyrimidin-2-yl)-carbamoylsulfamoyl]benzoate | — | 144651-06-9 | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H373 ** H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H410 | | | |
616-113-00-9 | desmedipham (ISO); ethyl 3-phenylcarbamoyloxyphenylcarbamate | 237-198-5 | 13684-56-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | M=10 | |
616-114-00-4 | dodecanamide, N,N'-(9,9',10,10'-tetrahydro-9,9',10,10'-tetraoxo(1,1'-bianthracene)-4,4'-diyl)bis- | 418-010-2 | 136897-58-0 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-115-00-X | N-(3-acetyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-4-(4-phenylbutoxy)benzamide | 416-150-9 | 136450-06-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-116-00-5 | N-(4-dimethylaminopyridinium)-3-methoxy-4-(1-methyl-5-nitroindol-3-ylmethyl)-N-(o-tolylsulfonyl)benzamidate | 416-790-9 | 143052-96-4 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-117-00-0 | N-[2-(3-acetyl-5-nitrothiophen-2-ylazo)-5-diethylaminophenyl]acetamide | 416-860-9 | 777891-21-1 | Repr. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361f *** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H361f *** H317 H410 | | | |
616-118-00-6 | N-(2',6'-dimethylphenyl)-2-piperidinecarboxamide hydrochloride | 417-950-0 | 65797-42-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
616-119-00-1 | 2-(1-butyl-3,5-dioxo-2-phenyl-(1,2,4)-triazolidin-4-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxo-N-(2-methoxy-5-(2-(dodecyl-1-sulfonyl))propionylamino)-phenyl)-pentanamide | 418-060-5 | 118020-93-2 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-120-00-7 | reaction mass of: N-(3-dimethylamino-4-methyl-phenyl)-benzamide; N-(3-dimethylamino-2-methyl-phenyl)-benzamide; N-(3-dimethylamino-3-methyl-phenyl)-benzamide | 420-600-1 | — | STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS09 Wng | H373 ** H411 | | | |
616-121-00-2 | 2,4-dihydroxy-N-(2-methoxyphenyl)benzamide | 419-090-1 | 129205-19-2 | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
616-123-00-3 | N-[3-[[4-(diethylamino)-2-methylphenyl]imino]-6-oxo-1,4-cyclohexadienyl]acetamide | 414-740-0 | 96141-86-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-124-00-9 | lithium bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide | 415-300-0 | 90076-65-6 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 3 | H311 H301 H314 H412 | GHS06 GHS05 Dgr | H311 H301 H314 H412 | | | |
616-125-00-4 | 3-cyano-N-(1,1-dimethylethyl)androsta-3,5-diene-17-β-carboxamide | 415-730-9 | 151338-11-3 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | 410 | | | |
616-127-00-5 | reaction mass of: N,N'-Ethane-1,2-diylbis(decanamide); 12-Hydroxy-N-[2-[1-oxydecyl)amino]ethyl]octadecanamide; N,N'-Ethane-1,2-diylbis(12-hydroxyoctadecanamide) | 430-050-2 | — | Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H317 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H317 H411 | | | |
616-128-00-0 | N-(2-(1-allyl-4,5-dicyanoimidazol-2-ylazo)-5-(dipropylamino)phenyl)-acetamide | 417-530-7 | 123590-00-1 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-129-00-6 | N,N'-bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidyl)isophthalamide | 419-710-0 | 42774-15-2 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 | H302 H319 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H319 | | | |
616-130-00-1 | N-(3-(2-(4,4-dimethyl-2,5-dioxo-imidazolin-1-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxo-pentanoylamino)-4-methoxy-phenyl)-octadecanamide | 421-780-2 | 150919-56-5 | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | — | H413 | | | |
616-132-00-2 | N-[4-(4-cyano-2-furfurylidene-2,5-dihydro-5-oxo-3-furyl)phenyl]butane-1-sulfonamide | 423-250-6 | 130016-98-7 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
616-133-00-8 | N-cyclohexyl-S,S-dioxobenzo[b]tiophene-2-carboxamide | 423-990-1 | 149118-66-1 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H318 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H302 H318 H410 | | | |
616-134-00-3 | 3,3'-bis(dioctyloxyphosphinothioylthio)-N,N'-oxybis(methylene)dipropionamide | 401-820-5 | 793710-14-2 | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | — | H412 | | | |
616-135-00-9 | (3S,4aS,8aS)-2-[(2R,3S)-3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyl]-N-tert-butyldecahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxamide | 430-230-0 | 136522-17-3 | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Chronic 3 | H302 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H302 H412 | | | |
616-142-00-7 | 1,3-Bis(vinylsulfonylacetamido)propane | 428-350-3 | 93629-90-4 | Muta. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H341 H318 H317 H412 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H341 H318 H317 H412 | | | |
616-143-00-2 | N,N'-dihexadecyl-N,N'-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)propanediamide | 422-560-9 | 149591-38-8 | Repr. 2 Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 4 | H361f *** H319 H413 | GHS08 Wng | H361f *** H319 H413 | | | |
617-001-00-2 | di-tert-butyl peroxide | 203-733-6 | 110-05-4 | Org. Perox. E Flam. Liq. 2 | H242 H225 | GHS02 Dgr | H242 H225 | | | |
617-002-00-8 | α, α-dimethylbenzyl hydroperoxide; cumene hydroperoxide | 201-254-7 | 80-15-9 | Org. Perox. E Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Chronic 2 | H242 H331 H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H411 | GHS02 GHS06 GHS08 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H331 H312 H302 H373 ** H314 H411 | | Skin Corr. 1B; H314: C ≥ 10 % Skin Irrit. 2; H315: 3 % ≤ C 617-003-00-3 | dilauroyl peroxide | 203-326-3 | 105-74-8 | Org. Perox. D | H242 | GHS02 Dgr | H242 | | | |
617-004-00-9 | 1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl hydroperoxide | 212-230-0 | 771-29-9 | Org. Perox. D Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H242 H302 H314 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H302 H314 H410 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
617-006-00-X | bis(α, α-dimethylbenzyl) peroxide | 201-279-3 | 80-43-3 | Org. Perox. F Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H242 H319 H315 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H242 H319 H315 H411 | | | |
617-007-00-5 | tert-butyl α, α-dimethylbenzyl peroxide | 222-389-8 | 3457-61-2 | Org. Perox. E Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H242 H315 H411 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H242 H315 H411 | | | |
617-008-00-0 | dibenzoyl peroxide; benzoyl peroxide | 202-327-6 | 94-36-0 | Org. Perox. B Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 | H241 H319 H317 | GHS01 GHS02 GHS07 Wng | H241 H319 H317 | | | T |
617-010-00-1 | 1-hydroperoxycyclohexyl 1-hydroxycyclohexyl peroxide; [1] 1,1'-dioxybiscyclohexan-1-ol; [2] cyclohexylidene hydroperoxide; [3] cyclohexanone, peroxide [4] [> 91 % solution] | 201-091-1 [1] 219-306-2 [2] 220-279-4 [3] 235-527-7 [4] | 78-18-2 [1] 2407-94-5 [2] 2699-11-8 [3] 12262-58-7 [4] | Org. Perox. A Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H240 H302 H314 | GHS01 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H240 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | C T |
617-010-01-9 | 1-hydroperoxycyclohexyl 1-hydroxycyclohexyl peroxide; [1] 1,1'-dioxybiscyclohexan-1-ol; [2] cyclohexylidene hydroperoxide; [3] cyclohexanone, peroxide [4] [≤ 91 % solution] | 201-091-1 [1] 219-306-2 [2] 220-279-4 [3] 235-527-7 [4] | 78-18-2 [1] 2407-94-5 [2] 2699-11-8 [3] 12262-58-7 [4] | Org. Perox. C Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1B | H242 H302 H314 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H242 H302 H314 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | C T |
617-012-00-2 | 8-p-menthyl hydroperoxide; p-menthane hydroperoxide | 201-281-4 | 80-47-7 | Org. Perox. D Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H242 H314 H332 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H242 H314 H332 | | STOT SE 3; H335: C ≥ 5 % | |
617-013-00-8 | O,O-tert-butyl O-docosyl monoperoxyoxalate | 404-300-6 | 116753-76-5 | Org. Perox. C **** Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H242 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H410 | | | |
617-014-00-3 | 6-(nonylamino)-6-oxo-peroxyhexanoic acid | 406-680-9 | 104788-63-8 | Org. Perox. C **** Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H242 H318 H317 H400 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H318 H317 H400 | | | |
617-015-00-9 | bis(4-methylbenzoyl)peroxide | 407-950-9 | 895-85-2 | Org. Perox. B **** Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H241 H400 H410 | GHS01 GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H241 H410 | | | |
617-016-00-4 | 3-hydroxy-1,1-dimethylbutyl 2-ethyl-2-methylheptaneperoxoate | 413-910-1 | — | Org. Perox. C **** Flam. Liq. 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H242 H226 H315 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H226 H315 H410 | | | |
617-017-00-X | reaction mass of: 2,2'-bis(tert-pentylperoxy)-p-diisopropylbenzene; 2,2'-bis(tert-pentylperoxy)-m-diisopropylbenzene | 412-140-3 | 32144-25-5 | Org. Perox. D **** Aquatic Chronic 4 | H242 H413 | GHS02 Dgr | H242 H413 | | | T |
617-018-00-5 | reaction mass of: 1-methyl-1-(3-(1-methylethyl)phenyl)ethyl-1-methyl-1-phenylethylperoxide, 63 % by weight; 1-methyl-1-(4-(1-methylethyl)phenyl)ethyl-1-methyl-1-phenylethylperoxide, 31 % by weight | 410-840-3 | 71566-50-2 | Org. Perox. C **** Aquatic Chronic 2 | H242 H411 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H411 | | | T |
617-019-00-0 | 6-(phthalimido)peroxyhexanoic acid | 410-850-8 | 128275-31-0 | Org. Perox. D Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 | H242 H318 H400 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS09 DgDgr | H242 H318 H400 | | | T |
617-020-00-6 | 1,3-di(prop-2,2-diyl)benzene bis(neodecanoylperoxide) | 420-060-5 | 117663-11-3 | Flam. Liq. 3 Org. Perox. D **** Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H242 H411 | GHS02 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H242 H411 | | | |
647-001-00-8 | glucosidase, β- | 232-589-7 | 9001-22-3 | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | |
647-002-00-3 | cellulase | 232-734-4 | 9012-54-8 | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | |
647-003-00-9 | cellobiohydrolase, exo- | 253-465-9 | 37329-65-0 | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | |
647-004-00-4 | cellulases with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | A |
647-005-00-X | bromelain, juice | 232-572-4 | 9001-00-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-006-00-5 | ficin | 232-599-1 | 9001-33-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-007-00-0 | papain | 232-627-2 | 9001-73-4 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-008-00-6 | pepsin A | 232-629-3 | 9001-75-6 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-009-00-1 | rennin | 232-645-0 | 9001-98-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-010-00-7 | trypsin | 232-650-8 | 9002-07-7 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-011-00-2 | chymotrypsin | 232-671-2 | 9004-07-3 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-012-00-8 | subtilisin | 232-752-2 | 9014-01-1 | STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Resp. Sens. 1 | H335 H315 H318 H334 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H335 H315 H318 H334 | | | |
647-013-00-3 | proteinase, microbial neutral | 232-966-6 | 9068-59-1 | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-014-00-9 | proteases with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Resp. Sens. 1 | H319 H335 H315 H334 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H319 H335 H315 H334 | | | |
647-015-00-4 | amylase, α- | 232-565-6 | 9000-90-2 | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | |
647-016-00-X | amylases with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | GHS08 Dgr | H334 | | | |
648-001-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), benzole fraction; Light Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of coal tar. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers primarily in the range of C4 to C10 and distilling in the approximate range of 80 oC to 160 oC (175 oF to 320 oF).] | 283-482-7 | 84650-02-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-002-00-6 | Tar oils, brown-coal; Light Oil; [The distillate from lignite tar boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 250 oC (176 oF to 482 oF). Composed primarily of aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons and monobasic phenols.] | 302-674-4 | 94114-40-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-003-00-1 | Benzol forerunnings (coal); Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling; [The distillate from coke oven light oil having an approximate distillation range below 100 oC (212 oF). Composed primarily of C4 to C6 aliphatic hydrocarbons.] | 266-023-5 | 65996-88-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-004-00-7 | Distillates (coal tar), benzole fraction, BTX-rich; Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling; [A residue from the distillation of crude benzole to remove benzole fronts. Composed primarily of benzene, toluene and xylenes boiling in the range of approximately 75 oC to 200 oC (167 oF to 392 oF).] | 309-984-9 | 101896-26-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-005-00-2 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C6-10, C8-rich; Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling | 292-697-5 | 90989-41-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-006-00-8 | Solvent naphtha (coal), light; Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling | 287-498-5 | 85536-17-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-007-00-3 | Solvent naphtha (coal), xylene-styrene cut; Light Oil Redistillate, intermediate boiling | 287-502-5 | 85536-20-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-008-00-9 | Solvent naphtha (coal), coumarone-styrene contg.; Light Oil Redistillate, intermediate boiling | 287-500-4 | 85536-19-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-009-00-4 | Naphtha (coal), distn. residues; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling; [The residue remaining from the distillation of recovered naphtha. Composed primarily of naphthalene and condensation products of indene and styrene.] | 292-636-2 | 90641-12-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-010-00-X | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling | 292-694-9 | 90989-38-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-012-00-0 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8-9, hydrocarbon resin polymn. by-product; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the evaporation of solvent under vacuum from polymerized hydrocarbon resin. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C9 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 215 oC (248 oF to 419 oF).] | 295-281-1 | 91995-20-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-013-00-6 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C9-12, benzene distn.; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling | 295-551-9 | 92062-36-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-014-00-1 | Extract residues (coal), benzole fraction alk., acid ext.; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [The redistillate from the distillate, freed of tar acids and tar bases, from bituminous coal high temperature tar boiling in the approximate range of 90 oC to 160 oC (194 oF to 320 oF). It consists predominantly of benzene, toluene and xylenes.] | 295-323-9 | 91995-61-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-015-00-7 | Extract residues (coal tar), benzole fraction alk., acid ext.; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the redistillation of the distillate of high temperature coal tar (tar acid and tar base free). It consists predominantly of unsubstituted and substituted mononuclear aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of 85 oC-195 oC (185 oF-383 oF).] | 309-868-8 | 101316-63-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-016-00-2 | Extract residues (coal), benzole fraction acid; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [An acid sludge by-product of the sulphuric acid refining of crude high temperature coal. Composed primarily of sulfuric acid and organic compounds.] | 298-725-2 | 93821-38-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-017-00-8 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., distn. overheads; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [The first fraction from the distillation of aromatic hydrocarbons, coumarone, naphthalene and indene rich prefactionator bottoms or washed carbolic oil boiling substantially below 145 oC (293 oF). Composed primarily of C7 and C8 aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 292-625-2 | 90641-02-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-018-00-3 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., acid ext., indene fraction; Light Oil Extract Residues, intermediate boiling | 309-867-2 | 101316-62-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-019-00-9 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., indene naphtha fraction; Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [The distillate from aromatic hydrocarbons, coumarone, naphthalene and indene rich prefractionator bottoms or washed carbolic oils, having an approximate boiling range of 155 oC to 180 oC (311 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of indene, indan and trimethylbenzenes.] | 292-626-8 | 90641-03-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-020-00-4 | Solvent naphtha (coal); Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [The distillate from either high temperature coal tar, coke oven light oil, or coal tar oil alkaline extract residue having an approximate distillation range of 130 oC to 210 oC (266 oF to 410 oF) Composed primarily of indene and other polycyclic ring systems containing a single aromatic ring. May contain phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-013-0 | 65996-79-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-021-00-X | Distillates (coal tar), light oils, neutral fraction; Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [A distillate from the fractional distillation of high temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of alkyl-substituted one ring aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 135 oC to 210 oC (275 oF to 410 oF). May also include unsaturated hydrocarbons such as indene and coumarone.] | 309-971-8 | 101794-90-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-022-00-5 | Distillates (coal tar), light oils, acid exts.; Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [This oil is a complex mixture of aromatic hydrocarbons, primarily indene, naphthalene, coumarone, phenol, and o-, m- and p-cresol and boiling in the range of 140 oC to 215 oC (284 oF to 419 oF).] | 292-609-5 | 90640-87-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-023-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), light oils; Carbolic Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of coal tar. It consists of aromatic and other hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen compounds and distills at the approximate range of 150 oC to 210 oC (302 oF to 410 oF).] | 283-483-2 | 84650-03-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-024-00-6 | Tar oils, coal; Carbolic Oil; [The distillate from high temperature coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 130 oC to 250 oC (266 oF to 410 oF). Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkylnaphthalenes, phenolic compounds, and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-016-7 | 65996-82-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-026-00-7 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., acid ext.; Carbolic Oil Extract Residue; [The oil resulting from the acid washing of alkali-washed carbolic oil to remove the minor amounts of basic compounds (tar bases). Composed primarily of indene, indan and alkylbenzenes.] | 292-624-7 | 90641-01-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-027-00-2 | Extract residues (coal), tar oil alk.; Carbolic Oil Extract Residue; [The residue obtained from coal tar oil by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxide after the removal of crude coal tar acids. Composed primarily of naphthalenes and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-021-4 | 65996-87-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-028-00-8 | Extract oils (coal), light oil; Acid Extract; [The aqueous extract produced by an acidic wash of alkali-washed carbolic oil. Composed primarily of acid salts of various aromatic nitrogen bases including pyridine, quinoline and their alkyl derivatives.] | 292-622-6 | 90640-99-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-029-00-3 | Pyridine, alkyl derivs.; Crude Tar Bases; [The complex combination of polyalkylated pyridines derived from coal tar distillation or as high-boiling distillates approximately above 150 oC (302 oF) from the reaction of ammonia with acetaldehyde, formaldehyde or paraformaldehyde.] | 269-929-9 | 68391-11-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-030-00-9 | Tar bases, coal, picoline fraction; Distillate Bases; [Pyridine bases boiling in the range of approximately 125 oC to 160 oC (257 oF 320 oF) obtained by distillation of neutralized acid extract of the base-containing tar fraction obtained by the distillation of bituminous coal tars. Composed chiefly of lutidines and picolines.] | 295-548-2 | 92062-33-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-031-00-4 | Tar bases, coal, lutidine fraction; Distillate Bases | 293-766-2 | 91082-52-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-032-00-X | Extract oils (coal), tar base, collidine fraction; Distillate Bases; [The extract produced by the acidic extraction of bases from crude coal tar aromatic oils, neutralization, and distillation of the bases. Composed primarily of collidines, aniline, toluidines, lutidines, xylidines.] | 273-077-3 | 68937-63-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-033-00-5 | Tar bases, coal, collidine fraction; Distillate Bases; [The distillation fraction boiling in the range of approximately 181 oC to 186 oC (356 oF to 367 oF) from the crude bases obtained from the neutralized, acid-extracted base-containing tar fractions obtained by the distillation of bituminous coal tar. It contains chiefly aniline and collidines.] | 295-543-5 | 92062-28-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-034-00-0 | Tar bases, coal, aniline fraction; Distillate Bases; [The distillation fraction boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 200 oC (356 oF to 392 oF) from the crude bases obtained by dephenolating and debasing the carbolated oil from the distillation of coal tar. It contains chiefly aniline, collidines, lutidines and toluidines.] | 295-541-4 | 92062-27-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-035-00-6 | Tar bases, coal, toluidine fraction; Distillate Bases | 293-767-8 | 91082-53-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-036-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), alkene-alkyne manuf. pyrolysis oil, mixed with high-temp. coal tar, indene fraction; Redistillates; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a redistillate from the fractional distillation of bituminous coal high temperature tar and residual oils that are obtained by the pyrolytic production of alkenes and alkynes from petroleum products or natural gas. It consists predominantly of indene and boils in a range of approximately 160 oC to 190 oC (320 oF to 374 oF).] | 295-292-1 | 91995-31-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-037-00-7 | Distillates (coal), coal tar-residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oils; Redistillates; [The redistillate obtained from the fractional distillation of bituminous coal high temperature tar and pyrolysis residual oils and boiling in the range of approximately 190 oC to 270 oC (374 oF to 518 oF). Composed primarily of substituted dinuclear aromatics.] | 295-295-8 | 91995-35-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-038-00-2 | Extract oils (coal), coal tar-residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oil, redistillate; Redistillates; [The redistillate from the fractional distillation of dephenolated and debased methylnaphthalene oil obtained from bituminous coal high temperature tar and pyrolysis residual oils boiling in the approximate range of 220 oC to 230 oC (428 oF to 446 oF). It consists predominantly of unsubstituted and substituted dinuclear aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 295-329-1 | 91995-66-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-039-00-8 | Extract oils (coal), coal tar-residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oils; Redistillates; [A neutral oil obtained by debasing and dephenolating the oil obtained from the distillation of high temperature tar and pyrolysis residuel oils which has a boiling range of 225 oC to 255 oC (437 oF to 491 oF). Composed primarily of substituted dinuclear aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 310-170-0 | 122070-79-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-040-00-3 | Extract oils (coal), coal tar residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oil, distn. residues; Redistillates; [Residue from the distillation of dephenolated and debased methylnaphthalene oil (from bituminous coal tar and pyrolysis residual oils) with a boiling range of 240 oC to 260 oC (464 oF to 500 oF). Composed primarily of substituted dinuclear aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 310-171-6 | 122070-80-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-041-00-9 | Absorption oils, bicyclo arom. and heterocyclic hydrocarbon fraction; Wash Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a redistillate from the distillation of wash oil. It consists predominantly of 2-ringed aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 290 oC (500 oF to 554 oF).] | 309-851-5 | 101316-45-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-042-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), upper, fluorene-rich; Wash Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the crystallization of tar oil. It consists af aromatic and polycyclic hydrocarbons primarily fluorene and some acenaphthene.] | 284-900-0 | 84989-11-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-043-00-X | Creosote oil, acenaphthene fraction, acenaphthene-free; Wash Oil Redistillate; [The oil remaining after removal by a crystallization process of acenaphthene from acenaphthene oil from coal tar. Composed primarily of naphthalene and alkylnaphthalenes.] | 292-606-9 | 90640-85-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-044-00-5 | Distillates (coal tar), heavy oils; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [Distillate from the fractional distillation of coal tar of bituminous coal, with boiling range of 240 oC to 400 oC (464 oF to 752 oF). Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear hydrocarbons and heterocyclic compounds.] | 292-607-4 | 90640-86-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-045-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), upper; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The distillate from coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 220 oC to 450 oC (428 oF to 842 oF). Composed primarily of three to four membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons and other hydrocarbons.] | 266-026-1 | 65996-91-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-046-00-6 | Anthracene oil, acid ext.; Anthracene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the base-freed fraction obtained from the distillation of coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 325 oC to 365 oC (617 oF to 689 oF). It contains predominantly anthracene and phenanthrene and their alkyl derivatives.] | 295-274-3 | 91995-14-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-047-00-1 | Distillates (coal tar); Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The distillate from coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 100 oC to 450 oC (212 oF to 842 oF). Composed primarily of two to four membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds, and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-027-7 | 65996-92-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-048-00-7 | Distillates (coal tar), pitch, heavy oils; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The distillate from the distillation of the pitch obtained from bituminous high temperature tar. Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons and boiling in the range of approximately 300 oC to 470 oC (572 oF to 878 oF). The product may also contain heteroatoms.] | 295-312-9 | 91995-51-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-049-00-2 | Distillates (coal tar), pitch; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The oil obtained from condensation of the vapors from the heat treatment of pitch. Composed primarily of two- to four-ring aromatic compounds boiling in the range of 200 oC to greater than 400 oC (392 oF to greater than 752 oF).] | 309-855-7 | 101316-49-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-050-00-8 | Distillates (coal tar), heavy oils, pyrene fraction; Heavy Anthracene Oil Redistillate; [The redistillate obtained from the fractional distillation of pitch distillate boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 400 oC (662 oF to 752 oF). Consists predominantly of tri- and polynuclear aromatics and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 295-304-5 | 91995-42-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-051-00-3 | Distillates (coal tar), pitch, pyrene fraction; Heavy Anthracene Oil Redistillate; [The redistillate obtained from the fractional distillation of pitch distillate and boiling in the range of approximately 380 oC to 410 oC (7160 to 770 oF). Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons and heterocyclic compounds.] | 295-313-4 | 91995-52-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-052-00-9 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal high-temp. tar, carbon-treated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complet combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of lignite carbonization tar with activated carbon for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-296-6 | 97926-76-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-053-00-4 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal high-temp tar, clay-treated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of lignite carbonization tar with bentonite for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-297-1 | 97926-77-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-054-00-X | Pitch; Pitch | 263-072-4 | 61789-60-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-055-00-5 | Pitch, coal tar, high-temp.; Pitch; [The residue from the distillation of high temperature coal tar. A black solid with an approximate softening point from 30 oC to 180 oC (86 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of three or more membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 266-028-2 | 65996-93-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-056-00-0 | Pitch, coal tar, high-temp., heat-treated; Pitch; [The heat treated residue from the distillation of high temperature coal tar. A black solid with an approximate softening point from 80 oC to 180 oC (176 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of three or more membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 310-162-7 | 121575-60-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-057-00-6 | Pitch, coal tar, high-temp., secondary; Pitch Redistillate; [The residue obtained during the distillation of high boiling fractions from bituminous coal high temperature tar and/or pitch coke oil, with a softening point of 140 oC to 170 oC (284 oF to 392 oF) according to DIN 52025. Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear aromatic compounds which also contain heteroatoms.] | 302-650-3 | 94114-13-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-058-00-1 | Residues (coal tar), pitch distn.; Pitch Redistillate; [Residue from the fractional distillation of pitch distillate boiling in the range of approximately 400 oC to 470 oC (752 oF to 846 oF). Composed primarily of polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, and heterocyclic compounds.] | 295-507-9 | 92061-94-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-059-00-7 | Tar, coal, high-temp., distn. and storage residues; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [Coke- and ash-containing solid residues that separate on distillation and thermal treatment of bituminous coal high temperature tar in distillation installations and storage vessels. Consists predominantly of carbon and contains a small quantity of hetero compounds as well as ash components.] | 295-535-1 | 92062-20-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-060-00-2 | Tar, coal, storage residues; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [The deposit removed from crude coal tar storages. Composed primarily of coal tar and carbonaceous particulate matter.] | 293-764-1 | 91082-50-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-061-00-8 | Tar, coal, high-temp., residues; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [Solids formed during the coking of bituminous coal to produce crude bituminous coal high temperature tar. Composed primarily of coke and coal particles, highly aromatized compounds and mineral substances.] | 309-726-5 | 100684-51-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-062-00-3 | Tar, coal, high-temp., high-solids; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [The condensation product obtained by cooling, to approximately ambient temperature, the gas evolved in the high temperature (greater than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. Composed primarily of a complex mixture of condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons with a high solid content of coal-type materials.] | 273-615-7 | 68990-61-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-063-00-9 | Waste solids, coal-tar pitch coking; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [The combination of wastes formed by the coking of bituminous coal tar pitch. It consists predominantly of carbon.] | 295-549-8 | 92062-34-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-064-00-4 | Extract residues (coal), brown; Coal Tar Extract; [The residue from extraction of dried coal.] | 294-285-0 | 91697-23-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-065-00-X | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal-high-temp. tar; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from lignite carbonization tar by solvent crystallisation (solvent deoiling), by sweating or an adducting process. It consists predominantly of straight and branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-454-1 | 92045-71-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-066-00-5 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal-high-temp. tar, hydrotreated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from lignite carbonization tar by solvent crystallisation (solvent deoiling), by sweating or an adducting process treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of straight and branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-455-7 | 92045-72-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-067-00-0 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal high-temp tar, silicic acid-treated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of lignite carbonization tar with silicic acid for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-298-7 | 97926-78-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-068-00-6 | Tar, coal, low-temp., distn. residues; Tar Oil, intermediate boiling; [Residues from fractional distillation of low temperature coal tar to remove oils that boil in a range up to approximately 300 oC (572 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic compounds.] | 309-887-1 | 101316-85-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-069-00-1 | Pitch, coal tar, low-temp; Pitch Residue; [A complex black solid or semi-solid obtained from the distillation of a low temperature coal tar. It has a softening point within the approximate range of 40 oC to 180 oC (104 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of hydrocarbons.] | 292-651-4 | 90669-57-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-070-00-7 | Pitch, coal tar, low-temp., oxidized; Pitch Residue, oxidised; [The product obtained by air-blowing, at elevated temperature, low-temperature coal tar pitch. It has a softening-point within the approximate range of 70 oC to 180 oC (158 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of hydrocarbons.] | 292-654-0 | 90669-59-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-071-00-2 | Pitch, coal tar, low-temp., heat-treated; Pitch Residue, oxidised; Pitch Residue, heat-treated; [A complex black solid obtained by the heat treatment of low temperature coal tar pitch. It has a softening point within the approximate range of 50 oC to 140 oC (122 oF to 284 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of aromatic compounds.] | 292-653-5 | 90669-58-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-072-00-8 | Distillates (coal-petroleum), condensed-ring arom; Distillates; [The distillate from a mixture of coal and tar and aromatic petroleum streams having an approximate distillation range of 220 oC to 450 oC (428 oF to 842 oF). Composed primarily of 3- to 4-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-159-3 | 68188-48-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-073-00-3 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C20-28, polycyclic, mixed coal-tar pitch-polyethylene-polypropylene pyrolysis-derived; Pyrolysis Products; [A complex combination hydrocarbons obtained from mixed coal tar pitch-polyethylene-polypropylene pyrolysis. Composed primarily of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C28 and having a softening point of 100 oC to 220 oC (212 oF to 428 oF) according to DIN 52025.] | 309-956-6 | 101794-74-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-074-00-9 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C20-28, polycyclic, mixed coal-tar pitch-polyethylene pyrolysis-derived; Pyrolysis Products; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from mixed coal tar pitch-polyethylene pyrolysis. Composed primarily of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C28 and having a softening point of 100 oC to 220 oC (212 oF to 428 oF) according to DIN 52025.] | 309-957-1 | 101794-75-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-075-00-4 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C20-28, polycyclic, mixed coal-tar pitch-polystyrene pyrolysis-derived; Pyrolysis Products; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from mixed coal tar pitch-polystyrene pyrolysis. Composed primarily of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C28 and having a softening point of 100 oC to 220 oC (212 oF to 428 oF) according to DIN 52025.] | 309-958-7 | 101794-76-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-076-00-X | Pitch, coal tar-petroleum; Pitch Residues; [The residue from the distillation of a mixture of coal tar and aromatic petroleum streams. A solid with a softening point from 40 oC to 180 oC (140 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex combination of three or more membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-109-0 | 68187-57-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-077-00-5 | Phenanthrene, distn. residues; Heavy Anthracene Oil Redistillate; [Residue from the distillation of crude phenanthrene boiling in the approximate range of 340 oC to 420 oC (644 oF to 788 oF). It consists predominantly of phenanthrene, anthracene and carbazole.] | 310-169-5 | 122070-78-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-078-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), upper, fluorene-free; Wash Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the crystallization of tar oil. It consists of aromatic polycyclic hydrocarbons, primarily diphenyl, dibenzofuran and acenaphthene.] | 284-899-7 | 84989-10-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-079-00-6 | Anthracene oil; Anthracene oil; [A complex combination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons obtained from coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 300 oC ot 400 oC (572 oF to 752 oF). Composed primarily of phenanthrene, anthracene and carbazole.] | 292-602-7 | 90640-80-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-080-00-1 | Residues (coal tar), creosote oil distn.; Wash Oil Redistillate; [The residue from the fractional distillation of wash oil boiling in the approximate range of 270 oC to 330 oC (518 oF to 626 oF). It consists predominantly of dinuclear aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 295-506-3 | 92061-93-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-081-00-7 | Tar, coal; Coal tar; [The by-product from the destructive distillation of coal. Almost black semisolid. A complex combination of aromatic hydro-carbons, phenolic compounds, nitrogen bases and thiophene.] | 232-361-7 | 8007-45-2 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-082-00-2 | Tar, coal, high-temp.; Coal tar; [The condensation product obtained by cooling, to approximately ambient temperature, the gas evolved in the high temperature (greater than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. A black viscous liquid denser than water. Composed primarily of a complex mixture of condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons. May contain minor amounts of phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-024-0 | 65996-89-6 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-083-00-8 | Tar, coal, low-temp.; Coal oil; [The condensation product obtained by cooling, to approximately ambient temperature, the gas evolved in low temperature (less than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. A black viscous liquid denser than water. Composed primarily of condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds, aromatic nitrogen bases, and their alkyl derivatives.] | 266-025-6 | 65996-90-9 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-084-00-3 | Distillates (coal), coke-oven light oil, naphthalene cut; Naphthalene Oil; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from prefractionation (continuous distillation) of coke oven light oil. It consists predominantly of naphthalene, coumarone and indene and boils above 148 oC (298 oF).] | 285-076-5 | 85029-51-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-085-00-9 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils; Naphthalene Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of coal tar. It consists primarily of aromatic and other hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen compounds and distills in the approximate range of 200 oC to 250 oC (392 oF to 482 oF).] | 283-484-8 | 84650-04-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-086-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, naphthalene-low; Naphthalene Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by crystallization of naphthalene oil. Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkyl naphthalenes and phenolic compounds.] | 284-898-1 | 84989-09-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-087-00-X | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oil crystn. mother liquor; Naphthalene Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained as a filtrate from the crystallization of the naphthalene fraction from coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 230 oC (392 oF to 446 oF). Contains chiefly naphthalene, thionaphthene and alkylnaphthalenes.] | 295-310-8 | 91995-49-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-088-00-5 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil, alk.; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the alkali washing of naphthalene oil to remove phenolic compounds (tar acids). It is composed of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 310-166-9 | 121620-47-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-089-00-0 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil, alk., naphthalene-low; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons remaining after the removal of naphthalene from alkali-washed naphthalene oil by a crystallization process. It is composed primarily of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 310-167-4 | 121620-48-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-090-00-6 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, naphthalene-free, alk. exts.; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The oil remaining after the removal of phenolic compounds (tar acids) from drained naphthalene oil by an alkali wash. Composed primarily of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 292-612-1 | 90640-90-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-091-00-1 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil alk., distn. overheads; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The distillation from alkali-washed naphthalene oil having an approximate distillation range of 180 oC to 220 oC (356 oF to 428 oF). Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkylbenzenes, indene and indan.] | 292-627-3 | 90641-04-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-092-00-7 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, methylnaphthalene fraction; Methylnaphthalene Oil; [A distillate from the fractional distillation of high temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of substituted two ring aromatic hydrocarbons and aromatic nitrogen bases boiling in the range of approximately 225 oC to 255 oC (437 oF to 491 oF).] | 309-985-4 | 101896-27-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-093-00-2 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, indole-methylnaphthalene fraction; Methylnaphthalene Oil; [A distillate from the fractional distillation of high temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of indole and methylnaphthalene boiling in the range of approximately 235 oC to 255 oC (455 oF to 491 oF).] | 309-972-3 | 101794-91-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-094-00-8 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, acid exts.; Methylnaphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by debasing the methylnaphthalene fraction obtained by the distillation of coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 255 oC (446 oF to 491 oF). Contains chiefly 1(2)-methylnaphthalene, naphthalene, dimethylnaphthalene and biphenyl.] | 295-309-2 | 91995-48-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-095-00-3 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil alk., distn. residues; Methylnaphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The residue from the distillation of alkali-washed naphthalene oil having an approximate distillation range of 220 oC to 300 oC (428 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkylnaphthalenes and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 292-628-9 | 90641-05-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-096-00-9 | Extract oils (coal), acidic, tar-base free; Methylnaphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The extract oil boiling in the range of approximately 220 oC to 265 oC (428 oF to 509 oF) from coal tar alkaline extract residue produced by an acidic wash such as aqueous sulfuric acid after distillation to remove tar bases. Composed primarily of alkylnaphthalenes.] | 284-901-6 | 84989-12-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-097-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), benzole fraction, distn. residues; Wash Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude benzole (high temperature coal tar). It may be a liquid with the approximate distillation range of 150 oC to 300 oC (302 oF to 572 oF) or a semi-solid or solid with a melting point up to 70 oC (158 oF). It is composed primarily of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 310-165-3 | 121620-46-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-098-00-X | Creosote oil, acenaphthene fraction; Wash Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 240 oC to 280 oC (464 oF to 536 oF). Composed primarily of acenaphthene, naphthalene and alkyl naphthalene.] | 292-605-3 | 90640-84-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-099-00-5 | Creosote oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of coal tar. It consists primarily of aromatic hydrocarbons and may contain appreciable quantities of tar acids and tar bases. It distills at the approximate range of 200 oC to 325 oC (392 oF to 617 oF).] | 263-047-8 | 61789-28-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-100-00-9 | Creosote oil, high-boiling distillate; Wash Oil; [The high-boiling distillation fraction obtained from the high temperature carbonization of bituminous coal which is further refined to remove excess crystalline salts. It consists primarily of creosote oil with some of the normal polynuclear aromatic salts, which are components of coal tar distillates, removed. It is crystal free at approximately 5 oC (41 oF).] | 274-565-9 | 70321-79-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-101-00-4 | Creosote; [The distillate of coal tar produced by the high temperature carbonization of bituminous coal. It consists primarily of aromatic hydrocarbons, tar acids and tar bases.] | 232-287-5 | 8001-58-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-102-00-X | Extract residues (coal), creosote oil acid; Wash Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the base-freed fraction from the distillation of coal tar, boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 280 oC (482 oF to 536 oF). It consists predominantly of biphenyl and isomeric diphenylnaphthalenes.] | 310-189-4 | 122384-77-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-103-00-5 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [The anthracene-rich solid obtained by the crystallization and centrifuging of anthracene oil. It is composed primarily of anthracene, carbazole and phenanthrene.] | 292-603-2 | 90640-81-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-104-00-0 | Anthracene oil, anthracene-low; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [The oil remaining after the removal, by a crystallization process, of an anthracene-rich solid (anthracene paste) from anthracene oil. It is composed primarily of two, three and four membered aromatic compounds.] | 292-604-8 | 90640-82-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-105-00-6 | Residues (coal tar), anthracene oil distn.; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [The residue from the fraction distillation of crude anthracene boiling in the approximate range of 340 oC to 400 oC (644 oF to 752 oF). It consists predominantly of tri- and polynuclear aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 295-505-8 | 92061-92-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-106-00-1 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste, anthracene fraction; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of anthracene obtained by the crystallization of anthracene oil from bituminous high temperature tar and boiling in the range of 330 oC to 350 oC (626 oF to 662 oF). It contains chiefly anthracene, carbazole and phenanthrene.] | 295-275-9 | 91995-15-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-107-00-7 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste, carbazole fraction; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of anthracene obtained by crystallization of anthrancene oil from bituminous coal high temperature tar and boiling in the approximate range of 350 oC to 360 oC (662 oF to 680 oF). It contains chiefly anthacene, carbazole and phenanthrene.] | 295-276-4 | 91995-16-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-108-00-2 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste, distn. lights; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of anthracene obtained by crystallization of anthracene oil from bituminous light temperature tar and boiling in the range of approximately 290 oC to 340 oC (554 oF to 644 oF). It contains chiefly trinuclear aromatics and their dihydro derivatives.] | 295-278-5 | 91995-17-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-109-00-8 | Tar oils, coal, low-temp.; Tar Oil, high boiling; [A distillate from low-temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen bases boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 340 oC (320 oF to 644 oF).] | 309-889-2 | 101316-87-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-110-00-3 | Extract residues (coal), low temp. coal atar alk.; [The residue from low temperature coal tar oils after an alkaline wash, such as aqueous sodium hydroxide, to remove crude coal tar acids. Composed primarily of hydrocarbons and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 310-191-5 | 122384-78-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-111-00-9 | Phenols, ammonia liquor ext.; Alkaline Extract; [The combination of phenols extracted, using isobutyl acetate, from the ammonia liquor condensed from the gas evolved in low-temperature (less than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. It consists predominantly of a mixture of monohydric and dihydric phenols.] | 284-881-9 | 84988-93-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-112-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), light oils, alk. exts.; Alkaline Extract; [The aqueous extract from carbolic oil produced by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxide. Composed primarily of the alkali salts of various phenolic compounds.] | 292-610-0 | 90640-88-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-113-00-X | Extracts, coal tar oil alk.; Alkaline Extract; [The extract from coal tar oil produced by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxide. Composed primarily of the alkali salts of various phenolic compounds.] | 266-017-2 | 65996-83-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-114-00-5 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, alk. exts.; Alkaline Extract; [The aqueous extract from naphthalene oil produced by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxid. Composed primarily of the alkali salts of various phenolic compounds.] | 292-611-6 | 90640-89-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-115-00-0 | Extract residues (coal), tar oil alk., carbonated, limed; Crude Phenols; [The product obtained by treatment of coal tar oil alkaline extract with CO2 and CaO. Composed primarily of CaCO3, Ca(OH)2, Na2CO3 and other organic and inorganic impurities.] | 292-629-4 | 90641-06-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-116-00-6 | Tar acids, coal, crude; Crude Phenols; [The reaction product obtained by neutralizing coal tar oil alkaline extract with an acidic solution, such as aqueous sulfuric acid, or gaseous carbon dioxide, to obtain the free acids. Composed primarily of tar acids such as phenol, cresols, and xylenols.] | 266-019-3 | 65996-85-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-117-00-1 | Tar acids, brown-coal, crude; Crude Phenols; [An acidified alkaline extract of brown coal tar distillate. Composed primarily of phenol and phenol homologs.] | 309-888-7 | 101316-86-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-118-00-7 | Tar acids, brown-coal gasification; Crude Phenols; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained from brown coal gasification. Composed primarily of C6-10 hydroxy aromatic phenols and their homologs.] | 295-536-7 | 92062-22-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-119-00-2 | Tar acids, distn. residues; Distillate Phenols; [A residue from the distillation of crude phenol from coal. It consists predominantly of phenols having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C10 with a softening point of 60 oC to 80 oC (140 oF to 176 oF).] | 306-251-5 | 96690-55-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-120-00-8 | Tar acids, methylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acid rich in 3- and 4-methylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids.] | 284-892-9 | 84989-04-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-121-00-3 | Tar acids, polyalkylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar aicds, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids, having an approximate boiling range of 225 oC to 320 oC (437 oF to 608 oF). Composed primarily of polyalkylphenols.] | 284-893-4 | 84989-05-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-122-00-9 | Tar acids, xylenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acids, rich in 2,4- and 2,5-dimethylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids.] | 284-895-5 | 84989-06-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-123-00-4 | Tar acids, ethylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acids, rich in 3- and 4-ethylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids.] | 284-891-3 | 84989-03-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-124-00-X | Tar acids, 3,5-xylenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acids, rich in 3,5-dimethylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar acids.] | 284-896-0 | 84989-07-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-125-00-5 | Tar acids, residues, distillates, first-cut; Distillate Phenols; [The residue from the distillation in the range of 235 oC to 355 oC (481 oF to 697 oF) of light carbolic oil.] | 270-713-1 | 68477-23-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-126-00-0 | Tar acids, cresylic, residues; Distillate Phenols; [The residue from crude coal tar acids after removal of phenol, cresols, xylenols and any higher boiling phenols. A black solid with a melting point approximately 80 oC (176 oF). Composed primarily of polyalkyphenols, resin gums, and inorganic salts.] | 271-418-0 | 68555-24-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-127-00-6 | Phenols, C9-11; Distillate Phenols | 293-435-2 | 91079-47-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-128-00-1 | Tar acids, cresylic; Distillate Phenols; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained from brown coal and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 230 oC (392 oF to 446 oF). It contains chiefly phenols and pyridine bases.] | 295-540-9 | 92062-26-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-129-00-7 | Tar acids, brown-coal, C2-alkylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The distillate from the acidification of alkaline washed lignite tar distillate boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 230 oC (392 oF to 446 oF). Composed primarily of m- and p-ethylphenol as well as cresols and xylenols.] | 302-662-9 | 94114-29-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-130-00-2 | Extract oils (coal), naphthalene oils; Acid Extract; [The aqueous extract produced by an acidic wash of alkali-washed napthalene oil. Composed primarily of acid salts of various aromatic nitrogen bases including pyridine, quinoline and their alkyl derivatives.] | 292-623-1 | 90641-00-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-131-00-8 | Tar bases, quinoline derivs.; Distillate Bases | 271-020-7 | 68513-87-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-132-00-3 | Tar bases, coal, quinoline derivs. fraction; Distillate Bases | 274-560-1 | 70321-67-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-133-00-9 | Tar bases, coal, distn. residues; Distillate Bases; [The distillation residue remaining after the distillation of the neutralized, acid-extracted base-containing tar fractions obtained by the distillation of coal tars. It contains chiefly aniline, collidines, quinoline and quinoline derivatives and toluidines.] | 295-544-0 | 92062-29-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-134-00-4 | Hydrocarbon oils, arom., mixed with polyethylene and polypropylene, pyrolyzed, light oil fraction; Heat Treatment Products; [The oil obtained from the heat treatment of a polyethylene/polypropylene mixture with coal tar pitch or aromatic oils. It consists predominantly of benzene and its homologs boiling in a range of approximately 70 oC to 120 oC (158 oF to 248 oF).] | 309-745-9 | 100801-63-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-135-00-X | Hydrocarbon oils, arom., mixed with polyethylene, pyrolyzed, light oil fraction; Heat Treatment Products; [The oil obtained from the heat treatment of polyethylene with coal tar pitch or aromatic oils. It consists predominantly of benzene and its homologs boiling in a range of 70 oC to 120 oC (158 oF to 248 oF).] | 309-748-5 | 100801-65-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-136-00-5 | Hydrocarbon oils, arom., mixed with polystyrene, pyrolyzed, light oil fraction; Heat Treatment Products; [The oil obtained from the heat treatment of polystyrene with coal tar pitch or aromatic oils. It consists predominantly of benzene and its homologs boiling in a range of approximately 70 oC to 210 oC (158 oF to 410 oF).] | 309-749-0 | 100801-66-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-137-00-0 | Extract residues (coal), tar oil alk., naphthalene distn. residues; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The residue obtained from chemical oil extracted after the removal of naphthalene by distillation composed primarily of two to four membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 277-567-8 | 73665-18-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-138-00-6 | Creosote oil, low-boiling distillate; Wash Oil; [The low-boiling distillation fraction obtained from the high temperature carbonization of bituminous coal, which is further refined to remove excess crystalline salts. It consists primarily of creosote oil with some of the normal polynuclear aromatic salts, which are components of coal tar distillate, removed. It is crystal free at approximately 38 oC (100 oF).] | 274-566-4 | 70321-80-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-139-00-1 | Tar acids, cresylic, sodium salts, caustic solns.; Alkaline Extract | 272-361-4 | 68815-21-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-140-00-7 | Extract oils (coal), tar base; Acid Extract; [The extract from coal tar oil alkaline extract residue produced by an acidic wash such as aqueous sulfuric acid after distillatin to remove naphthalene. Composed primarily of the acid salts of various aromatic nitrogen bases including pyridine, quinoline, and their alkyl derivatives.] | 266-020-9 | 65996-86-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-141-00-2 | Tar bases, coal, crude; Crude Tar Bases; [The reaction product obtained by neutralizing coal tar base extract oil with an alkaline solution, such as aqueous sodium hydroxide, to obtain the free bases. Composed primarily of such organic bases as acridine, phenanthridine, pyridine, quinoline and their alkyl derivatives.] | 266-018-8 | 65996-84-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | HJM |
648-142-00-8 | Residues (coal), liq. solvent extn.; [A cohesive powder composed of coal mineral matter and undissolved coal remaining after extraction of coal by a liquid solvent.] | 302-681-2 | 94114-46-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-143-00-3 | Coal liquids, liq. solvent extn. soln.; [The product obtained by filtration of coal mineral matter and undissolved coal from coal extract solution produced by digesting coal in a liquid solvent. A black, viscous, highly complex liquid combination composed primarily of aromatic and partly hydro-genated aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic nitrogen compounds, aromatic sulfur compounds, phenolic and other aromatic oxygen compounds and their alkyl derivatives.] | 302-682-8 | 94114-47-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-144-00-9 | Coal liquids, liq. solvent extn.; [The substantially solvent-free product obtained by the distillation of the solvent from filtered coal extract solution produced by digesting coal in a liquid solvent. A black semi-solid, composed primarily of a complex combination of condensed-ring aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic nitrogen compounds, aromatic sulfur compounds, phenolic compounds and other aromatic oxygen compounds, and their alkyl derivatives.] | 302-683-3 | 94114-48-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H M |
648-145-00-4 | Tar brown-coal; [An oil distilled from brown-coal tar. Composed primarily of aliphatic, naphthenic and one- to three-ring aromatic hydrocarbons, their alkyl derivates, heteroaromatics and one- and two-ring phenols boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 360 oC (302 oF to 680 oF).] | 309-885-0 | 101316-83-0 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-146-00-X | Tar, brown-coal, low-temp.; [A tar obtained from low temperature carbonization and low temperature gasification of brown coal. Composed primarily of aliphatic, naphthenic and cyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, heteroaromatic hydrocarbons and cyclic phenols.] | 309-886-6 | 101316-84-1 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-147-00-5 | Light oil (coal), coke-oven; Crude benzole; [The volatile organic liquid extracted from the gas evolved in the high temperature (greater than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. Composed primarily of benzene, toluene, and xylenes. May contain other minor hydrocarbon constituents.] | 266-012-5 | 65996-78-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-148-00-0 | Distillates (coal), liq. solvent extn., primary; [The liquid product of condensation of vapors emitted during the digestion of coal in a liquid solvent and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 300 oC (86 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of partly hydrogenated condensed-ring aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic compounds containing nitrogen, oxygen and sulfur, and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C14.] | 302-688-0 | 94114-52-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-149-00-6 | Distillates (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked; [Distillate obtained by hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction process and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 300 oC (86 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic, hydrogenated aromatic and naphthenic compounds, their alkyl derivatives and alkanes with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C14. Nitrogen, sulfur and oxygen-containing aromatic and hydrogenated aromatic compounds are also present.] | 302-689-6 | 94114-53-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-150-00-1 | Naphtha (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked; [Fraction of the distillate obtained by hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 180 oC (86 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic, hydrogenated aromatic and naphthenic compounds, their alkyl derivatives and alkanes with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 to C9. Nitrogen, sulfur and oxygen-containing aromatic and hydrogenated aromatic compounds are also present.] | 302-690-1 | 94114-54-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-151-00-7 | Gasoline, coal solvent extn., hydrocracked naphtha; [Motor fuel produced by the reforming of the refined naphtha fraction of the products of hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 180 oC (86 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic and naphthenic hydrocarbons, their alkyl derivatives and alkyl hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C9.] | 302-691-7 | 94114-55-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
648-152-00-2 | Distillates (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked middle; [Distillate obtained from the hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 300 oC (356 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of two-ring aromatic, hydrogenated aromatic and naphthenic compounds, their alkyl derivatives and alkanes having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C14. Nitrogen, sulfur and oxygen-containing compounds are also present.] | 302-692-2 | 94114-56-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-153-00-8 | Distillates (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked hydrogenated middle; [Distillate from the hydrogenation of hydrocracked middle distillate from coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 280 oC (356 oF to 536 oF). Composed primarily of hydrogenated two- ring carbon compounds and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C14.] | 302-693-8 | 94114-57-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
648-154-00-3 | Fuels, jet aircraft, coal solvent extn., hydrocracked hydrogenated; [Jet engine fuel produced by hydrogenation of the middle distillate fraction of the products of hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 225 oC (356 oF to 473 oF). Composed primarily of hydrogenated two-ring hydrocarbons and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C12.] | 302-694-3 | 94114-58-6 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H350 | | | H |
648-155-00-9 | Fuels, diesel, coal solvent extn., hydrocracked hydrogenated; [Diesel engine fuel produced by the hydrogenation of the middle distillate fraction of the products of hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 280 oC (392 oF to 536 oF). Composed primarily of hydrogenated two-ring hydrocarbons and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C14.] | 302-695-9 | 94114-59-7 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H350 | | | H |
648-156-00-4 | Light oil (coal), semi-coking process; Fresh oil; [The volatile organic liquid condensed from the gas evolved in the low temperature (less than 700 oC (1292 oF) destructive distillation of coal. Composed primarily of C6-10 hydrocarbons.] | 292-635-7 | 90641-11-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H J |
649-001-00-3 | Extracts (petroleum), light naphthenic distillate solvent | 265-102-1 | 64742-03-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-002-00-9 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillate solvent | 265-103-7 | 64742-04-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-003-00-4 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent | 265-104-2 | 64742-05-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-004-00-X | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent | 265-111-0 | 64742-11-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-005-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum gas oil solvent | 295-341-7 | 91995-78-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-006-00-0 | hydrocarbons C26-55, arom-rich | 307-753-7 | 97722-04-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-007-00-6 | fatty acids, tall-oil, reaction products with iminodiethanol and boric acid | 400-160-5 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H315 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H411 | | | |
649-008-00-1 | Residues (petroleum), atm. tower; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-045-2 | 64741-45-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-009-00-7 | Gas oils (petroleum), heavy vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 600 oC (662 oF to 1112 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4-to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-058-3 | 64741-57-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-010-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 500 oC (500 oF to 932 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-063-0 | 64741-61-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-011-00-8 | Clarified oils (petroleum), catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-064-6 | 64741-62-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-012-00-3 | Residues (petroleum), hydrocracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the products of a hydrocracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF).] | 265-076-1 | 64741-75-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-013-00-9 | Residues (petroleum), thermal cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the product from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-081-9 | 64741-80-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-014-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy thermal cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C36 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 480 oC (500 oF to 896 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-082-4 | 64741-81-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-015-00-X | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrotreated vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 600 oC (446 oF to 1112 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-162-9 | 64742-59-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-016-00-5 | Residues (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized atmospheric tower; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating an atmospheric tower residuum with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst under conditions primarily to remove organic sulfur compounds. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-181-2 | 64742-78-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-017-00-0 | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 600 oC (662 oF to 1112 oC). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-189-6 | 64742-86-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-018-00-6 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the residual fraction from the distillation of the products of a steam cracking process (including steam cracking to produce ethylene). It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C14 and boiling above approximately 260 oC (500 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-193-8 | 64742-90-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-019-00-1 | Residues (petroleum), atmospheric; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C11 and boiling above approximately 200 oC (392 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4-to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-777-3 | 68333-22-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-020-00-7 | Clarified oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating catalytic cracked clarified oil with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4-to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-782-0 | 68333-26-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-021-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized intermediate catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating intermediate catalytic cracked distillates with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C30 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 450 oC (401 oF to 842 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of tricyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-783-6 | 68333-27-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-022-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of heavy catalytic cracked distillates with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 500 oC (500 oF to 932 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-784-1 | 68333-28-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-023-00-3 | Fuel oil, residues-straight-run gas oils, high-sulfur; Heavy Fuel oil | 270-674-0 | 68476-32-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-024-00-9 | Fuel oil, residual; Heavy Fuel oil; [The liquid product from various refinery streams, usually residues. The composition is complex and varies with the source of the crude oil.] | 270-675-6 | 68476-33-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-025-00-4 | Residues (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue distn.; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the distillation of catalytic reformer fractionator residue. It boils approximately above 399 oC (750 oF).] | 270-792-2 | 68478-13-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-026-00-X | Residues (petroleum), heavy coker gas oil and vacuum gas oil; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of heavy coker gas oil and vacuum gas oil. It predominantly consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C13 and boiling above approximately 230 oC (446 oF).] | 270-796-4 | 68478-17-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-027-00-5 | Residues (petroleum), heavy coker and light vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of heavy coker gas oil and light vacuum gas oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C13 and boiling above approximately 230 oC (446 oF).] | 270-983-0 | 68512-61-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-028-00-0 | Residues (petroleum), light vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the vacuum distillation of the residuum from the atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C13 and boiling above approximately 230 oC (446 oF).] | 270-984-6 | 68512-62-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-029-00-6 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked light; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the distillation of the products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers greater than C7 and boiling in the range of approximately 101 oC to 555 oC (214 oF to 1030 oF).] | 271-013-9 | 68513-69-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-030-00-1 | Fuel oil, No 6; Heavy Fuel oil; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 900 SUS at 37.7 oC (100 oF) to a maximum of 9000 SUS at 37.7 oC (100 oF).] | 271-384-7 | 68553-00-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-031-00-7 | Residues (petroleum), topping plant, low-sulfur; Heavy Fuel oil; [A low-sulfur complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the topping plant distillation of crude oil. It is the residuum after the straight-run gasoline cut, kerosene cut and gas oil cut have been removed.] | 271-763-7 | 68607-30-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-032-00-2 | Gas oils (petroleum), heavy atmospheric; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 121 oC to 510 oC (250 oF to 950 oF).] | 272-184-2 | 68783-08-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-033-00-8 | Residues (petroleum), coker scrubber, Condensed-ring-arom.-contg.; Heavy Fuel oil; [A very complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of vaccum residuum and the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed rind aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 272-187-9 | 68783-13-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-034-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), petroleum residues vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from the atmospheric distillation of crude oil.] | 273-263-4 | 68955-27-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-035-00-9 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked, resinous; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the distillation of steam-cracked petroleum residues.] | 273-272-3 | 68955-36-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-036-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum, distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C14 through C42 and boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 545 oC (482 oF to 1013 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 274-683-0 | 70592-76-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-037-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), light vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 545 oC (482 oF to 1013 oF).] | 274-684-6 | 70592-77-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-038-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 270 oC to 600 oC (518 oF to 1112 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 274-685-1 | 70592-78-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-039-00-0 | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized coker heavy vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by hydrodesulfurization of heavy coker distillate stocks, It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range C18 to C44 and boiling in the range of approximately 304 oC to 548 oC (579 oF to 1018 oF). Likely to contain 5 % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 285-555-9 | 85117-03-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-040-00-6 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked, distillates; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained during the production of refined petroleum tar by the distillation of steam cracked tar. It consists predominantly of aromatic and other hydrocarbons and organic sulfur compounds.] | 292-657-7 | 90669-75-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-041-00-1 | Residues (petroleum), vacuum, light; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C24 and boiling above approximately 390 oC (734 oF).] | 292-658-2 | 90669-76-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-042-00-7 | Fuel oil, heavy, high-sulfur; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of crude petroleum. It consists predominantly of aliphatic, aromatic and cycloaliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 295-396-7 | 92045-14-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-043-00-2 | Residues (petroleum), catalytic cracking; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C11 and boiling above approximately 200 oC (392 oF).] | 295-511-0 | 92061-97-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-044-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate catalytic cracked, thermally degraded; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process which has been used as a heat transfer fluid. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 220 oC to 450 oC (428 oF to 842 oF). This stream is likely to contain organic sulfur compounds.] | 295-990-6 | 92201-59-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-045-00-3 | Residual oils (petroleum); Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, sulfur compounds and metal-containing organic compounds obtained as the residue from refinery fractionation cracking processes. It produces a finished oil with a viscosity above 2cSt. at 100 oC.] | 298-754-0 | 93821-66-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-046-00-9 | Residues, steam cracked, thermally treated; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment and distillation of raw steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons boiling in the range above approximately 180 oC (356 oF).] | 308-733-0 | 98219-64-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-047-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range middle; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum stock with hydrogen. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 400 oC (302 oF to 752 oF).] | 309-863-0 | 101316-57-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-048-00-X | Residues (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the product from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of predominantly aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 400 oC (320 oF to 725 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- or 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-069-3 | 64741-67-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-049-00-5 | Petroleum; Crude oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, It consists predominantly of aliphatic, alicyclic and aromatic hydrocarbons. It may also contain small amounts of nitrogen, oxygen and sulfur compounds. This category encompasses light, medium, and heavy petroleums, as well as the oils extended from tar sands. Hydrocarbonaceous materials requiring major chemical changes for their recovery or conversion to petroleum refinery feedstocks such as crude shale oils; upgraded shale oils and liquid coal fuels are not included in this definition.] | 232-298-5 | 8002-05-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-050-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), light paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons normally present in this distillation range of crude oil.] | 265-051-5 | 64741-50-0 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-051-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-052-0 | 64741-51-1 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-052-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), light naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-053-6 | 64741-52-2 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-053-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-054-1 | 64741-53-3 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-054-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated heavy naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-117-3 | 64742-18-3 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-055-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated light naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-118-9 | 64742-19-4 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-056-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated heavy paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of a least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-119-4 | 64742-20-7 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-057-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated light paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-121-5 | 64742-21-8 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-058-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized heavy paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of aliphatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-127-8 | 64742-27-4 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-059-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized light paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-128-3 | 64742-28-5 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-060-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized heavy naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-135-1 | 64742-34-3 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-061-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized light naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS a 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-136-7 | 64742-35-4 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-062-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracked naphtha depropanizer overhead, C3-rich acid-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked hydrocarbons and treated to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C2 through C4, predominantly C3.] | 270-755-0 | 68477-73-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-063-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracker; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-756-6 | 68477-74-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-064-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracker, C1-5-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6, predominantly C1 through C5.] | 270-757-1 | 68477-75-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-065-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic polymd. naphtha stabilizer overhead, C2-4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of catalytic polymerized naphtha. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C2 through C6, predominantly C2 through C4.] | 270-758-7 | 68477-76-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-066-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic reformer, C1-4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6, predominantly C1 through C4.] | 270-760-8 | 68477-79-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-067-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), C3-5 olefinic-paraffinic alkylation feed; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of olefinic and paraffinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5 which are used as alkylation feed. Ambient temperatures normally exceed the critical temperature of these combinations.] | 270-765-5 | 68477-83-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-068-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), C4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a catalytic fractionation process. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly C4.] | 270-767-6 | 68477-85-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-069-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), deethanizer overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from distillation of the gas and gasoline fractions from the catalytic cracking process. It contains predominantly ethane and ethylene.] | 270-768-1 | 68477-86-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-070-00-X | Gases (petroleum), deisobutanizer tower overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the atmospheric distillation of a butane-butylene stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C4.] | 270-769-7 | 68477-87-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-071-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), depropanizer dry, propene-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from the gas and gasoline fractions of a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of propylene with some ethane and propane.] | 270-772-3 | 68477-90-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-072-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), depropanizer overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from the gas and gasoline fractions of a catalytic cracking process. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 270-773-9 | 68477-91-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-073-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), gas recovery plant depropanizer overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation of miscellaneous hydrocarbon streams. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C4, predominantly propane.] | 270-777-0 | 68477-94-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-074-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), Girbatol unit feed; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons that is used as the feed into the Girbatol unit to remove hydrogen sulfide. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 270-778-6 | 68477-95-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-075-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), isomerized naphtha fractionator, C4-rich, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas | 270-782-8 | 68477-99-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-076-00-2 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked clarified oil and thermal cracked vacuum residue fractionation reflux drum; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked clarified oil and thermal cracked vacuum residue. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-802-5 | 68478-21-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-077-00-8 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked naphtha stabilization absorber; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the stabilization of catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-803-0 | 68478-22-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-078-00-3 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracker, catalytic reformer and hydrodesulfurizer combined fractionater; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of products from catalytic cracking, catalytic reforming and hydrodesulfurizing processes treated to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having cabon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-804-6 | 68478-24-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-079-00-9 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha fractionation stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 270-806-7 | 68478-26-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-080-00-4 | Tail gas (petroleum), saturate gas plant mixed stream, C4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of straight-run naphtha, distillation tail gas and catalytic reformed naphtha stabilizer tail gas. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C6, predominantly butane and isobutane.] | 270-813-5 | 68478-32-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-081-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), saturate gas recovery plant, C1-2-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of distillate tail gas, straight-run naphtha, catalytic reformed naphtha stabilizer tail gas. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1through C5, predominantly methane and ethane.] | 270-814-0 | 68478-33-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-082-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), vacuum residues thermal cracker; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the thermal cracking of vacuum residues. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-815-6 | 68478-34-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-083-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C3-4-rich, petroleum distillate; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation and condensation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly C3 through C4.] | 270-990-9 | 68512-91-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-084-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), full-range straight-run naphtha dehexanizer off; petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of the full-range straight-run naphtha. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 271-000-8 | 68513-15-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-085-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), hydrocracking depropanizer off, hydrocarbon-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbon produced by the distillation of products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4. It may also contain small amounts of hydrogen and hydrogen sulfide.] | 271-001-3 | 68513-16-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-086-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), light straight-run naphtha stabilizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the stabilization of light straight-run naphtha. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 271-002-9 | 68513-17-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-087-00-2 | Residues (petroleum), alkylation splitter, C4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex residuum from the distillation of streams various refinery operations. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C5, predominantly butane and boiling in the range of approximately - 11.7 oC to 27.8 oC (11 oF to 82 oF).] | 271-010-2 | 68513-66-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-088-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C1-4; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons provided by thermal cracking and absorber operations and by distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 164 oC to minus 0.5 oC (- 263 oF to 31 oF).] | 271-032-2 | 68514-31-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-089-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C1-4, sweetened; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting hydrocarbon gases to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately - 164 oC to - 0.5 oC (-263 oF to 31 oF).] | 271-038-5 | 68514-36-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-090-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C1-3; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 164 oC to minus 42 oC (- 263 oF to - 44 oF).] | 271-259-7 | 68527-16-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-091-00-4 | Hydrocarbons, C1-4, debutanizer fraction; Petroleum gas | 271-261-8 | 68527-19-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-092-00-X | Gases (petroleum), C1-5, wet; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil and/or the cracking of tower gas oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 271-624-0 | 68602-83-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-093-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C2-4; Petroleum gas | 271-734-9 | 68606-25-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-094-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C3; Petroleum gas | 271-735-4 | 68606-26-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-095-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), alkylation feed; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the catalytic cracking of gas oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C4.] | 271-737-5 | 68606-27-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-096-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), depropanizer bottoms fractionation off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of depropanizer bottoms. It consists predominantly of butane, isobutane and butadiene.] | 271-742-2 | 68606-34-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-097-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), refinery blend; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination obtained from various processes. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-183-7 | 68783-07-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-098-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracking; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C5.] | 272-203-4 | 68783-64-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-099-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), C2-4, sweetened; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately - 51 oC to - 34 oC (-60 oF to - 30 oF).] | 272-205-5 | 68783-65-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-100-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), crude oil fractionation off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the fractionation of crude oil. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-871-7 | 68918-99-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-101-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), dehexanizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of combined naphtha streams. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-872-2 | 68919-00-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-102-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), light straight run gasoline fractionation stabilizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of light straight-run gasoline. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-878-5 | 68919-05-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-103-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), naphtha unifiner desulfurization stripper off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a naphtha unifiner desulfurization process and stripped from the naphtha product. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 272-879-0 | 68919-06-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-104-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), straight-run naphtha catalytic reforming off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha and fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 272-882-7 | 68919-09-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-105-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), fluidized catalytic cracker splitter overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the fractionation of the charge to the C3 -C4 splitter. It consists predominantly of C3 hydrocarbons.] | 272-893-7 | 68919-20-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-106-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), straight-run stabilizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of the liquid from the first tower used in the distillation of crude oil. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 272-883-2 | 68919-10-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-107-00-X | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracked naphtha debutanizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 273-169-3 | 68952-76-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-108-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked distillate and naphtha stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of catalytic cracked naphtha and distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 273-170-9 | 68952-77-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-109-00-0 | Tail gas (petroleum), thermal-cracked distillate, gas oil and naphtha absorber; petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the separation of thermal-cracked distillates, naphtha and gas oil. It consists pedrominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 273-175-6 | 68952-81-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-110-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), thermal cracked hydrocarbon fractionation stabilizer, petroleum coking; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of thermal cracked hydrocarbons from petroleum coking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 273-176-1 | 68952-82-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-111-00-1 | Gases (petroleum, light steam-cracked, butadiene conc.; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a thermal cracking process, It consists of hydrocarbons having a carbon number predominantly of C4.] | 273-265-5 | 68955-28-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-112-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), straight-run naphtha catalytic reformer stabilizer overhead; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha and the fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 273-270-2 | 68955-34-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-113-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C4; Petroleum gas | 289-339-5 | 87741-01-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-114-00-8 | Alkanes, C1-4, C3-rich; Petroleum gas | 292-456-4 | 90622-55-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-115-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), steam-cracker C3-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of propylene with some propane and boils in the range of approximately - 70 oC to 0 oC (- 94 oF to 32 oF).] | 295-404-9 | 92045-22-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-116-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C4, steam-cracker distillate; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products of a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C4, predominantly 1-butene and 2-butene, containing also butane and isobutene and boiling in the range of approximately minus 12 oC to 5 oC (10.4 oF to 41 oF).] | 295-405-4 | 92045-23-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-117-00-4 | Petroleum gases, liquefied, sweetened, C4 fraction; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a liquified petroleum gas mix to a sweetening process to oxidize mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of C4 saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons.] | 295-463-0 | 92045-80-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | HKSU |
649-118-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C4, 1,3-butadiene- and isobutene-free; Petroleum gas | 306-004-1 | 95465-89-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1B | H220 H350 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 | | | H K U |
649-119-00-5 | Raffinates (petroleum), steam-cracked C4 fraction cuprous ammonium acetate extn., C3-5 and C3-5 unsatd., butadiene-free; Petroleum gas | 307-769-4 | 97722-19-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-120-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), amine system feed; Refinery gas; [The feed gas to the amine system for removal of hydrogen sulfide. It consists of hydrogen. Carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5 may also be present.] | 270-746-1 | 68477-65-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-121-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), benzene unit hydrodesulfurizer off; Refinery gas; [Off gases produced by the benzene unit. It consists primarily of hydrogen. Carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6, including benzene, may also be present.] | 270-747-7 | 68477-66-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-122-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), benzene unit recycle, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by recycling the gases of the benzene unit. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-748-2 | 68477-67-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-123-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), blend oil, hydrogen-nitrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of a blend oil. It consists primarily of hydrogen and nitrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-749-8 | 68477-68-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-124-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha stripper overheads; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha. Its consists of hydrogen and saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 270-759-2 | 68477-77-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-125-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer recycle; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from catalytic reforming of C6-C8 feed and recycled to conserve hydrogen. It consists primarily of hydrogen. It may also contain various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-761-3 | 68477-80-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-126-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from catalytic reforming of C6-C8feed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C5 and hydrogen.] | 270-762-9 | 68477-81-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-127-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer recycle, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas | 270-763-4 | 68477-82-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-128-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), C2-return stream; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the extraction of hydrogen from a gas stream which consists primarily of hydrogen with small amounts of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, methane, ethane, and ethylene. It contains predominantly hydrocarbons such as methane, ethane, and ethylene with small amounts of hydrogen, nitrogen and carbon monoxide.] | 270-766-0 | 68477-84-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-129-00-X | Gases (petroleum), dry sour, gas-concn.-unit-off; Refinery gas; [The complex combination of dry gases from a gas concentration unit. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 270-774-4 | 68477-92-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-130-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), gas concn. reabsorber distn.; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from combined gas streams in a gas concentration reabsorber. It consists predominantly of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C3.] | 270-776-5 | 68477-93-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-131-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), hydrogen absorber off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by absorbing hydrogen from a hydrogen rich stream. It consists of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, nitrogen, and methane with small amounts of C2 hydrocarbons.] | 270-779-1 | 68477-96-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-132-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination separated as a gas from hydrocarbon gases by chilling. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, nitrogen, methane, and C2 hydrocarbons.] | 270-780-7 | 68477-97-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-133-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), hydrotreater blend oil recycle, hydrogen-nitrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from recycled hydrotreated blend oil. It consists primarily of hydrogen and nitrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-781-2 | 68477-98-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-134-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), recycle, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from recycled reactor gases. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide, and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-783-3 | 68478-00-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-135-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), reformer make-up, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reformers. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-784-9 | 68478-01-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-136-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), reforming hydrotreater; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reforming hydrotreating process. It consists primarily of hydrogen, methane, and ethane with various small amounts of hydrogen sulfide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 thorugh C5.] | 270-785-4 | 68478-02-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-137-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), reforming hydrotreater, hydrogen-methane-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reforming hydrotreating process. It consists primarily of hydrogen and methane with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C5.] | 270-787-5 | 68478-03-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-138-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), reforming hydrotreater make-up, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reforming hydrotreating process. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-788-0 | 68478-04-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-139-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), thermal cracking distn.; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by distillation of products from a thermal cracking process. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-789-6 | 68478-05-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-140-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracker refractionation absorber; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from refractionation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 270-805-1 | 68478-25-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-141-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the catalytic reforming of straight run naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-807-2 | 68478-27-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-142-00-0 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha stabilizer; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-808-8 | 68478-28-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-143-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), cracked distillate hydrotreater separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating cracked distillates with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-809-3 | 68478-29-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-144-00-1 | Tail gas (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized straight-run naphtha separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from hydrodesulfurization of straight-run naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-810-9 | 68478-30-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-145-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic reformed straight-run naphtha stabilizer overheads; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha followed by fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of hydrogen, methane, ethane and propane.] | 270-999-8 | 68513-14-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-146-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), reformer effluent high-pressure flash drum off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by the high-pressure flashing of the effluent from the reforming reactor. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 271-003-4 | 68513-18-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-147-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), reformer effluent low-pressure flash drum off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by low-pressure flashing of the effluent from the reforming reactor. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 271-005-5 | 68513-19-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-148-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), oil refinery gas distn. off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination separated by distillation of a gas stream containing hydrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6 or obtained by cracking ethane and propane. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C2, hydrogen, nitrogen, and carbon monoxide.] | 271-258-1 | 68527-15-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-149-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), benzene unit hydrotreater depentanizer overheads; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by treating the feed from the benzene unit with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst followed by depentanizing. It consists primarily of hydrogen, ethane and propane with various small amounts of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6. It may contain trace amounts of benzene.] | 271-623-5 | 68602-82-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-150-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), secondary absorber off, fluidized catalytic cracker overheads fractionator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by the fractionation of the overhead products from the catalytic cracking process in the fluidized catalytic cracker. It consists of hydrogen, nitrogen, and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 271-625-6 | 68602-84-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-151-00-X | Petroleum products, refinery gases; Refinery gas; [A complex combination which consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 271-750-6 | 68607-11-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-152-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), hydrocracking low-pressure separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the liquid-vapor separation of the hydrocracking process reactor effluent. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 272-182-1 | 68783-06-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-153-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), refinery; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from various petroleum refining operations. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 272-338-9 | 68814-67-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-154-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), platformer products separator off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the chemical reforming of naphthenes to aromatics. It consists of hydrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 272-343-6 | 68814-90-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-155-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), hydrotreated sour kerosine depentanizer stabilizer off; Refinery gas; [The complex combination obtained from the depentanizer stabilization of hydrotreated kerosine. It consists primarily of hydrogen, methane, ethane, and propane with various small amounts of nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide, carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C5.] | 272-775-5 | 68911-58-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-156-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), hydrotreated sour kerosine flash drum; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the flash drum of the unit treating sour kerosine with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists primarily of hydrogen and methane with various small amounts of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C5.] | 272-776-0 | 68911-59-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-157-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), distillate unifiner desulfurization stripper off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination stripped from the liquid product of the unifiner desulfurization process. It consists of hydrogen sulfide, methane, ethane, and propane.] | 272-873-8 | 68919-01-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-158-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), fluidized catalytic cracker fractionation off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by the fractionation of the overhead product of the fluidized catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, nitrogen, and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-874-3 | 68919-02-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-159-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), fluidized catalytic cracker scrubbing secondary absorber off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by scrubbing the overhead gas from the fluidized catalytic cracker. It consists of hydrogen, nitrogen, methane, ethane and propane.] | 272-875-9 | 68919-03-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-160-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), heavy distillate hydrotreater desulfurization stripper off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination stripped from the liquid product of the heavy distillate hydrotreater desulfurization process. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5]. | 272-876-4 | 68919-04-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-161-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), platformer stabilizer off, light ends fractionation; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the fractionation of the light ends of the platinum reactors of the plattformer unit. It consists of hydrogen, methane, ethane and propane.] | 272-880-6 | 68919-07-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-162-00-X | Gases (petroleum), preflash tower off, crude distn.; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced from the first tower used in the distillation of crude oil. It consists of nitrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-881-1 | 68919-08-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-163-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), tar stripper off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the fractionation of reduced crude oil. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 272-884-8 | 68919-11-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-164-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), unifiner stripper off; Refinery gas; [A combination of hydrogen and methane obtained by fractionation of the products from the unifiner unit.] | 272-885-3 | 68919-12-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-165-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic hydrodesulfurized naphtha separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the hydrodesulfurization of naphtha. It consists of hydrogen, methane, ethane, and propane.] | 273-173-5 | 68952-79-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-166-00-1 | Tail gas (petroleum), straight-run naphtha hydrodesulfurizer; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the hydrodesulfurization of straight-run naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 273-174-0 | 68952-80-7 | Press. Gas Flam. Gas 1 Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-167-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), sponge absorber off, fluidized catalytic cracker and gas oil desulfurizer overhead fractionation; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the fractionation of products from the fluidized catalytic cracker and gas oil desulfurizer. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 273-269-7 | 68955-33-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-168-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), crude distn. and catalytic cracking; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by crude distillation and catalytic cracking processes. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, nitrogen, carbon monoxide and paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 273-563-5 | 68989-88-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-169-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), gas oil diethanolamine scrubber off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by desulfurization of gas oils with diethanolamine. It consists predominantly of hydrogen sulfide, hydrogen and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C5.] | 295-397-2 | 92045-15-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-170-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), gas oil hydrodesulfurization effluent; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by separation of the liquid phase from the effluent from the hydrogenation reaction. It consists predominantly of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 295-398-8 | 92045-16-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-171-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), gas oil hydrodesulfurization purge; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of gases obtained from the reformer and from the purges from the hydrogenation reactor. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 295-399-3 | 92045-17-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-172-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), hydrogenator effluent flash drum off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of gases obtained from flash of the effluents after the hydrogenation reaction. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 295-400-7 | 92045-18-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-173-00-X | Gases (petroleum), naphtha steam cracking high-pressure residual; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained as a mixture of the non-condensable portions from the product of a naphtha steam cracking process as well as residual gases obtained during the preparation of subsequent products. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5 with which natural gas may also be mixed.] | 295-401-2 | 92045-19-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-174-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), residue visbaking off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from viscosity reduction of residues in a furnace. It consists predominantly of hydrogen sulfide and paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 295-402-8 | 92045-20-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-175-00-0 | Foots oil (petroleum), acid-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of Foot's oil with sulfuric acid. It consists predominantly of branched-chain hydrocarbons with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 300-225-7 | 93924-31-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-176-00-6 | Foots oil (petroleum), clay-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of Foot's oil with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists predominantly of branched chain hydrocarbons with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 300-226-2 | 93924-32-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-177-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), C3-4; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from the cracking of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C4, predominantly of propane and propylene, and boiling in the range of approximately - 51 oC to - 1 oC (-60oF to 30 oF.)] | 268-629-5 | 68131-75-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-178-00-7 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked distillate and catalytic cracked naphtha fractionation absorber; Petroleum gas; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from catalytic cracked distillates and catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-617-2 | 68307-98-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-179-00-2 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic polymn. naphtha fractionation stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the fractionation stabilization products from polymerization of naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-618-8 | 68307-99-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-180-00-8 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha fractionation stabilizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-619-3 | 68308-00-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-181-00-3 | Tail gas (petroleum), cracked distillate hydrotreater stripper; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating thermal cracked distillates with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 269-620-9 | 68308-01-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-182-00-9 | Tail gas (petroleum), straight-run distillate hydrodesulfurizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from catalytic hydrodesulfurization of straight run distillates and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-630-3 | 68308-10-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-183-00-4 | Tail gas (petroleum), gas oil catalytic cracking absorber; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of products from the catalytic cracking of gas oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-623-5 | 68308-03-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-184-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), gas recovery plant; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from miscellaneous hydrocarbon streams. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-624-0 | 68308-04-3 | Press. Gas Flam. Gas 1 Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-185-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), gas recovery plant deethanizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from miscellaneous hydrocarbon streams. It consists of hydrocarbon having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-625-6 | 68308-05-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-186-00-0 | Tail gas (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized distillate and hydrodesulfurized naphtha fractionator, acid-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of hydrodesulfurized naphtha and distillate hydrocarbon streams and treated to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-626-1 | 68308-06-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-187-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized vacuum gas oil stripper, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from stripping stabilization of catalytic hydrodesulfurized vacuum gas oil and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 269-627-7 | 68308-07-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-188-00-1 | Tail gas (petroleum), light straight-run naphtha stabilizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation stabilization of light straight run naphtha and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-629-8 | 68308-09-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-189-00-7 | Tail gas (petroleum), propane-propylene alkylation feed prep deethanizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of the reaction products of propane with propylene. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-631-9 | 68308-11-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-190-00-2 | Tail gas (petroleum), vacuum gas oil hydrodesulfurizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from catalytic hydrodesulfurization of vacuum gas oil and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 269-632-4 | 68308-12-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-191-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracked overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from the catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C5 and boiling in the range of approximately - 48 oC to 32 oC (- 54 oF to 90 oF).] | 270-071-2 | 68409-99-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-193-00-9 | Alkanes, C1-2; Petroleum gas | 270-651-5 | 68475-57-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-194-00-4 | Alkanes, C2-3; Petroleum gas | 270-652-0 | 68475-58-1 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-195-00-X | Alkanes, C3-4; Petroleum gas | 270-653-6 | 68475-59-2 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-196-00-5 | Alkanes, C4-5; Petroleum gas | 270-654-1 | 68475-60-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-197-00-0 | Fuel gases; Petroleum gas; [A combination of light gases. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and/or low molecular weight hydrocarbons.] | 270-667-2 | 68476-26-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-198-00-6 | Fuel gases, crude oil of distillates; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of light gases produced by distillation of crude oil and by catalytic reforming of naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately - 217 oC to - 12 oC (- 423 oF to 10 oF).] | 270-670-9 | 68476-29-9 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-199-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C3-4; Petroleum gas | 270-681-9 | 68476-40-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-200-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C4-5; Petroleum gas | 270-682-4 | 68476-42-6 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-201-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C2-4, C3-rich; Petroleum gas | 270-689-2 | 68476-49-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-202-00-6 | Petroleum gases, liquefied; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately - 40 oC to 80 oC (- 40 oF to 176 oF).] | 270-704-2 | 68476-85-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | HKSU |
649-203-00-1 | Petroleum gases, liquefied, sweetened; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting liquefied petroleum gas mix to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately - 40 oC to 80 oC (- 40 oF to 176 oF).] | 270-705-8 | 68476-86-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | HKSU |
649-204-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), C3-4, isobutane-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C6, predominantly butane and isobutane. It consists of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C4, predominantly isobutane.] | 270-724-1 | 68477-33-8 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-205-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), C3-6, piperylene-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of saturated and unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons usually ranging in the carbon numbers C3 through C6. It consists of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C6, predominantly piperylenes.] | 270-726-2 | 68477-35-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-206-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), butane splitter overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of the butane stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C4.] | 270-750-3 | 68477-69-0 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-207-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), C2-; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic fractionation process. It contains predominantly ethane, ethylene, propane, and propylene.] | 270-751-9 | 68477-70-3 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-208-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic-cracked gas oil depropanizer bottoms, C4-rich acid-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked gas oil hydrocarbon stream and treated to remove hydrogen sulfide and other acidic components. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly C4.] | 270-752-4 | 68477-71-4 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-209-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic-cracked naphtha debutanizer bottoms, C3-5-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the stabilization of catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C5.] | 270-754-5 | 68477-72-5 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-210-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), isomerized naphtha fractionation stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization products from isomerized naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-628-2 | 68308-08-7 | Flam. Gas 1 Press. Gas Carc. 1A Muta. 1B | H220 H350 H340 | GHS02 GHS04 GHS08 Dgr | H220 H350 H340 | | | H K U |
649-211-00-5 | Foots oil (petroleum), carbon-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of Foots oil with activated carbon for the removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-126-0 | 97862-76-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-212-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), sweetened middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 345 oC (302 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-088-7 | 64741-86-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-213-00-6 | Gas oils (petroleum), solvent-refined; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-092-9 | 64741-90-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-214-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 345 oC (302 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-093-4 | 64741-91-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-215-00-7 | Gas oils (petroleum), acid-treated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 400 oC (446 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-112-6 | 64742-12-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-216-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 345 oC (401 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-113-1 | 64742-13-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-217-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated light; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-114-7 | 64742-14-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-218-00-3 | Gas oils (petroleum), chemically neutralized; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 400 oC (446 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-129-9 | 64742-29-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-219-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 345 oC (401 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-130-4 | 64742-30-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-220-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay, usually in a percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 345 oC (302 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-139-3 | 64742-38-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-221-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-148-2 | 64742-46-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-222-00-5 | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 400 oC (446 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-182-8 | 64742-79-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-223-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-183-3 | 64742-80-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-224-00-6 | Fuels, diesel; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 163 oC to 357 oC (325 oF to 675 oF).] | 269-822-7 | 68334-30-5 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | H N |
649-225-00-1 | Fuel oil, No 2; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 32,6 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF) to a maximum of 37,9 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF).] | 270-671-4 | 68476-30-2 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | H |
649-226-00-7 | Fuel oil, No 4; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 45 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF) to a maximum of 125 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF).] | 270-673-5 | 68476-31-3 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | H |
649-227-00-2 | Fuels, diesel, No 2; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 32,6 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF).] | 270-676-1 | 68476-34-6 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | H |
649-228-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue, high-boiling; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of catalytic reformer fracftionator residue. It boils in the range of approximately 343 oC to 399 oC (650 oF to 750 oF).] | 270-719-4 | 68477-29-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-229-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue, intermediate-boiling; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of catalytic reformer fractionator residue. It boils in the range of approximately 288 oC to 371 oC (550 oF to 700 oF).] | 270-721-5 | 68477-30-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-230-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue, low-boiling; Gasoil — unspecified; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of catalytic reformer fractionator residue. It boils approximately below 288 oC (550 oF).] | 270-722-0 | 68477-31-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-231-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), highly refined middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the subjection of a petroleum fraction to several of the following steps: filtration, centrifugation, atmospheric distillation, vacuum distillation, acidification, neutralization and clay treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C20.] | 292-615-8 | 90640-93-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-232-00-X | Distillates (petroleum) catalytic reformer, heavy arom. conc.; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of a catalytically reformed petroleum cut. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 300 oC (392 oF to 572 oF).] | 295-294-2 | 91995-34-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-233-00-5 | Gas oils, paraffinic; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate obtained from the redistillation of a complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the effluents from a severe catalytic hydrotreatment of paraffins. It boils in the range of approximately 190 oC to 330 oC (374 oF to 594 oF).] | 300-227-8 | 93924-33-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-234-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrodesulfurized heavy; Gasoil — unspecified | 307-035-3 | 97488-96-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-235-00-6 | Hydrocarbons, C16-20, hydrotreated middle distillate, distn. lights; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the treatment of a middle distillate with hydrogen. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 290 oC to 350 oC (554 oF to 662 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 2cSt at 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-659-6 | 97675-85-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-236-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C12-20, hydrotreated paraffinic, distn. lights; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the treatment of heavy paraffins with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 350 oC (446 oF to 662 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 2cSt at 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-660-1 | 97675-86-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-237-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C11-17, solvent-extd. light naphthenic; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by extraction of the aromatics from a light naphthenic distillate having a visciosity of 2.2 cSt at 40 oC (104 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C17 and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 300 oC (392 oF to 572 oF).] | 307-757-9 | 97722-08-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-238-00-2 | Gas oils, hydrotreated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the redistillation of the effluents from the treatment of paraffins with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 330 oC to 340 oC (626 oF to 644 oF).] | 308-128-1 | 97862-78-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-239-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), carbon-treated light paraffinic; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of a petroleum oil fraction with activated charcoal for the removal of traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C28.] | 309-667-5 | 100683-97-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-240-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate paraffinic, carbon-treated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C36.] | 309-668-0 | 100683-98-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-241-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate paraffinic, clay-treated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum with bleaching earth for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C36.] | 309-669-6 | 100683-99-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-242-00-4 | Alkanes, C12-26-branched and linear | 292-454-3 | 90622-53-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-243-00-X | Lubricating greases; Grease; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C50. May contain organic salts of alkali metals, alkaline earth metals, and/or aluminium compounds.] | 278-011-7 | 74869-21-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-244-00-5 | Slack wax (petroleum); Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization (solvent dewaxing) or as a distillation fraction from a very waxy crude. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 265-165-5 | 64742-61-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-245-00-0 | Slack wax (petroleum), acid-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate by treatment of a petroleum slack wax fraction with sulfuric acid treating process. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 292-659-8 | 90669-77-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-246-00-6 | Slack wax (petroleum), clay-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of a petroleum slack wax fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 292-660-3 | 90669-78-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-247-00-1 | Slack wax (petroleum), hydrotreated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating slack wax with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 295-523-6 | 92062-09-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-248-00-7 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum fraction by solvent deparaffination. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-524-1 | 92062-10-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-249-00-2 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, hydrotreated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of low-melting petroleum slack wax with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-525-7 | 92062-11-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-250-00-8 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, carbon-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of low-melting slack wax with activated carbon for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-155-9 | 97863-04-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-251-00-3 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, clay-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of low-melting petroleum slack wax with bentonite for removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-156-4 | 97863-05-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-252-00-9 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, silicic acid-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of low-melting petroleum slack wax with silicic acid for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-158-5 | 97863-06-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-253-00-4 | Slack wax (petroleum), carbon-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of petroleum slack wax with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities.] | 309-723-9 | 100684-49-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-254-00-X | Petrolatum; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a semi-solid from dewaxing paraffinic residual oil. It consists predominantly of saturated crystalline and liquid hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25.] | 232-373-2 | 8009-03-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-255-00-5 | Petrolatum (petroleum), oxidized; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of organic compounds, predominantly high molecular weight carboxylic acids, obtained by the air oxidation of petrolatum.] | 265-206-7 | 64743-01-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-256-00-0 | Petrolatum (petroleum), alumina-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained when petrolatum is treated with Al2O3 to remove polar components and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated, crystalline, and liquid hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25.] | 285-098-5 | 85029-74-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-257-00-6 | Petrolatum (petroleum), hydrotreated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a semi-solid from dewaxed paraffinic residual oil treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated microcrystalline and liquid hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 295-459-9 | 92045-77-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-258-00-1 | Petrolatum (petroleum), carbon-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum petrolatum with activated carbon for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 308-149-6 | 97862-97-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-259-00-7 | Petrolatum (petroleum), silicic acid-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum petrolatum with silicic acid for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 308-150-1 | 97862-98-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-260-00-2 | Petrolatum (petroleum), clay-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of petrolatum with bleaching earth for the removal of traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of greater than C25.] | 309-706-6 | 100684-33-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H N |
649-261-00-8 | Gasoline, natural; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated from natural gas by processes such as refrigeration or absorption. It consists predominantly of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 120 oC (- 4 oF to 248 oF).] | 232-349-1 | 8006-61-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-262-00-3 | Naphtha; Low boiling point naphtha; [Refined, partly refined, or unrefined petroleum products by the distillation of natural gas. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 200 oC (212 oF to 392 oF).]] | 232-443-2 | 8030-30-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-263-00-9 | Ligroine; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractional distillation of petroleum. This fraction boils in a range of approximately 20 oC to 135 oC (58 oF to 275 oF).] | 232-453-7 | 8032-32-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-264-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (149 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-041-0 | 64741-41-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-265-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 220 oC (- 4 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-042-6 | 64741-42-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-266-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), light straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of crude oil. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 180 oC (- 4 oF to 356 oF).] | 265-046-8 | 64741-46-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-267-00-0 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), light aliph.; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude oil or natural gasoline. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 160 oC (95 oF to 320 oF).] | 265-192-2 | 64742-89-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-268-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), straight-run light; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately - 88 oC to 99 oC (- 127 oF to 210 oF).] | 270-077-5 | 68410-05-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-269-00-1 | Gasoline, vapor-recovery; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated from the gases from vapor recovery systems by cooling. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately - 20 oC to 196 oC (-4 oF to 384 oF).] | 271-025-4 | 68514-15-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-270-00-7 | Gasoline, straight-run, topping-plant; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the topping plant by the distillation of crude oil. It boils in the range of approximately 36,1 oC to 193,3 oC (97 oF to 380 oF).] | 271-727-0 | 68606-11-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-271-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), unsweetened; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the distillation of naphtha streams from various refinery processes. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 0 oC to 230 oC (25 oF to 446 oF).] | 272-186-3 | 68783-12-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-272-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), light straight-run gasoline fractionation stabilizer overheads; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6..] | 272-931-2 | 68921-08-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-273-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy straight run, arom.-contg.; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a distillation process of crude petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 210 oC (266 oF to 410 oF).] | 309-945-6 | 101631-20-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-274-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range alkylate; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consist of predominantly branched chain saturated hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 220 oC (194 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-066-7 | 64741-64-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-275-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy alkylate; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 to C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 220 oC (302 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-067-2 | 64741-65-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-276-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), light alkylate; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C10 and boiling in the range of aproximately 90 oC to 160 oC (194 oF to 320 oF).] | 265-068-8 | 64741-66-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-277-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), isomerization; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from catalytic isomerization of straight chain paraffinic C4 through C6 hydrocarbons. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons such as isobutane, isopentane, 2,2-dimethylbutane, 2-methylpentane, and 3-methylpentane.] | 265-073-5 | 64741-70-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-278-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), solvent-refined light; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 190 oC (95 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-086-6 | 64741-84-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-279-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-095-5 | 64741-92-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-280-00-1 | Raffinates (petroleum), catalytic reformer ethylene glycol-water countercurrent exts.; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from the UDEX extraction process on the catalytic reformer stream. It consists of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C9.] | 270-088-5 | 68410-71-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-281-00-7 | Raffinates (petroleum), reformer, Lurgi unit-sepd.; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a Lurgi separation unit. It consists predominantly of non-aromatic hydrocarbons with various small amounts of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C8.] | 270-349-3 | 68425-35-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-282-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range alkylate, butane-contg.; Low boiling point modified naphta; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 with some butanes and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 200 oC (95 oF to 428 oF).] | 271-267-0 | 68527-27-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-283-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha steam cracking-derived, solvent-refined light hydrotreated; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinates from a solvent extraction process of hydrotreated light distillate from steam-cracked naphtha.] | 295-315-5 | 91995-53-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-284-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), C4-12 butane-alkylate, isooctane-rich; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by alkylation of butanes. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12, rich in isooctane, and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 210 oC (95 oF to 410 oF).] | 295-430-0 | 92045-49-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-285-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, hydrotreated light naphtha distillates, solvent-refined; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of hydrotreated naphtha followed by a solvent extraction and distillation process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 94 oC to 99 oC (201 oF to 210 oF).] | 295-436-3 | 92045-55-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-286-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), isomerization, C6-fraction; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of a gasoline which has been catalytically isomerized. It consists predominantly of hexane isomers boiling in the range of approximately 60 oC to 66 oC (140 oF to 151 oF).] | 295-440-5 | 92045-58-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-287-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C6-7, naphtha-cracking, solvent-refined; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the sorption of benzene from a catalytically fully hydrogenated benzene-rich hydrocarbon cut that was distillatively obtained from prehydrogenated cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of paraffinic and naphthenic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately 70 oC to 100 oC (158 oF to 212 oF).] | 295-446-8 | 92045-64-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-288-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C6-rich, hydrotreated light naphtha distillates, solvent-refined; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of hydrotreated naphtha followed by solvent extraction. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 70 oC (149 oF to 158 oF).] | 309-871-4 | 101316-67-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-289-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy catalytic cracked; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (148 oF to 446 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of unsaturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-055-7 | 64741-54-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-290-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic cracked; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of unsaturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-056-2 | 64741-55-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-291-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C3-11, catalytic cracker distillates; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillations of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C11 and boiling in a range approximately up to 204 oC (400 oF).] | 270-686-6 | 68476-46-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-292-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic cracked light distd.; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-185-8 | 68783-09-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-293-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha steam cracking-derived, hydrotreated light arom.; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha.; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a light distillate from steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predom-inantly of aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 295-311-3 | 91995-50-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-294-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy catalytic cracked, sweetened; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a catalytic cracked petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 60 oC to 200 oC (140 oF to 392 oF).] | 295-431-6 | 92045-50-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-295-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic cracked sweetened; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting naphtha from a catalytic cracking process to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in a range of approximately 35 oC to 210 oC (95 oF to 410 oF).] | 295-441-0 | 92045-59-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-296-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C8-12, catalytic-cracking, chem. neutralized; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of a cut from the catalytic cracking process, having undergone an alkaline washing. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 210 oC (266 oF to 410 oF).] | 295-794-0 | 92128-94-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-297-00-4 | Hydrocarbons, C8-12, catalytic cracker distillates; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists pre-dominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 140 oC to 210 oC (284 oF to 410 oF).] | 309-974-4 | 101794-97-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-298-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C8-12, catalytic cracking, chem. neutralized, sweetened; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha | 309-987-5 | 101896-28-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-299-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 190 oC (95 oF to 374 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of aromatic and branched chain hydrocarbons. This stream may contain 10 vol. % or more benzene.]] | 265-065-1 | 64741-63-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-300-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy catalytic reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of predominantly aromatic hydrocarbons having numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-070-9 | 64741-68-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-301-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformed depentanizer; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately - 49 oC to 63 oC - 57 oF to 145 oF).] | 270-660-4 | 68475-79-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-302-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C2-6, C6-8 catalytic reformer; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha | 270-687-1 | 68476-47-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-303-00-5 | Residues (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha'; [A complex residuum from the catalytic reforming of C6-8 feed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 270-794-3 | 68478-15-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-304-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic reformed, arom.-free; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 120 oC (95 oF to 248 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of branched chain hydrocarbons with the aromatic components removed.] | 270-993-5 | 68513-03-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-305-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformed straight-run naphtha overheads; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha followed by the fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 271-008-1 | 68513-63-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-306-00-1 | Petroleum products, hydrofiner-powerformer reformates; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained in a hydrofiner-powerformer process and boiling in a range of approximately 27 oC to 210 oC (80 oF to 410 oF).] | 271-058-4 | 68514-79-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-307-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum, full-range reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 230 oC (95 oF to 446 oF).] | 272-895-8 | 68919-37-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-308-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 220 oC (90 oF to 430 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of aromatic and branched chain hydrocarbons. This stream may contain 10 vol.% or more benzene.] | 273-271-8 | 68955-35-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-309-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformed hydrotreated light, C8-12 arom. fraction; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of alkylbenzenes obtained by the catalytic reforming of petroleum naphtha. It consists predominantly of alkylbenzenes having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 180 oC (320 oF to 356 oF).] | 285-509-8 | 85116-58-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-310-00-3 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8, catalytic reforming-derived; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha | 295-279-0 | 91995-18-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-311-00-9 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C7-12, C8-rich; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by separation from the platformate-containing fraction. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 (primarily C8) and can contain nonaromatic hydrocarbons, both boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 200 oC (266 oF to 392 oF).] | 297-401-8 | 93571-75-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-312-00-4 | Gasoline, C5-11, high-octane stabilized reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex high octane combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic dehydrogenation of a predominantly naphthenic naphtha. It consists predominantly of aromatics and non-aromatics having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 45 oC to 185 oC (113 oF to 365 oF).] | 297-458-9 | 93572-29-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-313-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C7-12, C >9-arom.-rich, reforming heavy fraction; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by separation from the platformate-containing fraction. It consists predominantly of nonaromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 210 oC (248 oF to 380 oF) and C9 and higher aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 297-465-7 | 93572-35-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-314-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C5-11, nonaroms.-rich, reforming light fraction; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by separation from the platformate-containing fraction. It consists predominantly of nonaromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 125 oC (94 oF to 257 oF), benzene and toluene.] | 297-466-2 | 93572-36-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-315-00-0 | Foots oil (petroleum), silicic acid-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of Foots oil with silicic acid for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of straight chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-127-6 | 97862-77-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H L |
649-316-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light thermal cracked; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 10 oC to 130 oC (14 oF to 266 oF).] | 265-075-6 | 64741-74-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-317-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy thermal cracked; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 220 oC (148 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-085-0 | 64741-83-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-318-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy arom.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from the thermal cracking of ethane and propane. This higher boiling fraction consists predominantly of C5-C7 aromatic hydrocarbons with some unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon number predominantly of C5. This stream may contain benzene.] | 267-563-4 | 67891-79-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-319-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), light arom.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from the thermal cracking of ethane and propane. This lower boiling fraction consists predominantly of C5-C7 aromatic hydrocarbons with some unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having a carbon number predominantly of C5. This stream may contain benzene.] | 267-565-5 | 67891-80-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-320-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha-raffinate pyrolyzate-derived, gasoline-blending; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the pyrolysis fractionation at 816 oC (1500 oF) of naphtha and raffinate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C9 and boiling at approximately 204 oC (400 oF).] | 270-344-6 | 68425-29-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-321-00-3 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C6-8, naphtha-raffinate pyrolyzate-derived; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation pyrolysis at 816 oC (1500 oF) of naphtha and raffinate. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C8, including benzene.] | 270-658-3 | 68475-70-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-322-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), thermal cracked naphtha and gas oil; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of thermally cracked naphtha and/or gas oil. It consists predominantly of olefinic hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C5 and boiling in the range of approximately 33 oC to 60 oC (91 oF to 140 oF).] | 271-631-9 | 68603-00-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-323-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), thermal cracked naphtha and gas oil, C5-dimer-contg.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the extractive distillation of thermal cracked naphtha and/or gas oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C5 with some dimerized C5 olefins and boiling in the range of approximately 33 oC to 184 oC (91 oF to 363 oF).] | 271-632-4 | 68603-01-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-324-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), thermal cracked naphtha and gas oil, extractive; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the extractive distillation of thermal cracked naphtha and/or gas oil. It consists of paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons, predominantly isoamylenes such as 2-methyl-1-butene and 2-methyl-2-butene and boiling in the range of approximately 31 oC to 40 oC (88 oF to 104 oF).] | 271-634-5 | 68603-03-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-325-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), light thermal cracked, debutanized arom.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons, primarily benzene.] | 273-266-0 | 68955-29-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-326-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light thermal cracked, sweetened; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate from the high temperature thermal cracking of heavy oil fractions to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans. It consists predominantly of aromatics, olefins and saturated hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 20 oC to 100 oC (68 oF to 212 oF).] | 295-447-3 | 92045-65-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-327-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C13 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (149 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-150-3 | 64742-48-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-328-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-151-9 | 64742-49-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-329-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized light; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-178-6 | 64742-73-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-330-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-185-4 | 64742-82-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-331-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated middle, intermediate boiling; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of products from a middle distillate hydrotreating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 127 oC to 188 oC (262 oF to 370 oF).] | 270-092-7 | 68410-96-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-332-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), light distillate hydrotreating process, low-boiling; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of products from the light distillate hydrotreating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C9 and boiling in the range of approximately 3 oC to 194 oC (37 oF to 382 oF).] | 270-093-2 | 68410-97-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-333-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy naphtha, deisohexanizer overheads; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of the products from a heavy naphtha hydrotreating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately - 49 oC to 68 oC (- 57 oF to 155 oF).] | 270-094-8 | 68410-98-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-334-00-4 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), light arom., hydrotreated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 135 oC to 210 oC (275 oF to 410 oF).] | 270-988-8 | 68512-78-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-335-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized thermal cracked light; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation of hydrodesulfurized thermal cracker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 23 oC to 195 oC (73 oF to 383 oF).] | 285-511-9 | 85116-60-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-336-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light, cycloalkane-contg.; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of alkanes and cycloalkanes boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 285-512-4 | 85116-61-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-337-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy steam-cracked, hydrogenated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha | 295-432-1 | 92045-51-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-338-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 250 oC (86 oF to 482 oF).] | 295-433-7 | 92045-52-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-339-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light steam-cracked; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction, derived from a pyrolysis process, with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 190 oC (95 oF to 374 oF).] | 295-438-4 | 92045-57-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-340-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C4-12, naphtha-cracking, hydrotreated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation from the product of a naphtha steam cracking process and subsequent catalytic selective hydrogenation of gum formers. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 230 oC (86 oF to 446 oF).] | 295-443-1 | 92045-61-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-341-00-2 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light naphthenic; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of cycloparaffinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately 73 oC to 85 oC (163 oF to 185 oF).] | 295-529-9 | 92062-15-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-342-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, hydrogenated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex comination of hydrocarbons produced from the separation and subsequent hydrogenation of the products of a steam-cracking process to produce ethylene. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated paraffins, cyclic paraffins and cyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 50 oC to 200 oC (122 oF to 392 oF). The proportion of benzene hydrocarbons may vary up to 30 wt. % and the stream may also contain small amounts of sulphur and oxygenated compounds.] | 296-942-7 | 93165-55-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-343-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C6-11, hydrotreated, dearomatized; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as solvents which have been subjected to hydrotreatment in order to convert aromatics to naphthenes by catalytic hydrogenation.] | 297-852-0 | 93763-33-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-344-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C9-12, hydrotreated, dearomatized; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as solvents which have been subjected to hydrotreatment in order to convert aromatics to naphthenes by catalytic hydrogenation.] | 297-853-6 | 93763-34-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-345-00-4 | Stoddard solvent; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A colourless, refined petroleum distillate that is free from rancid or objectionable odors and that boils in a range of approximately 300 oF to 400 oF.] | 232-489-3 | 8052-41-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-346-00-X | Natural gas condensates (petroleum); Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated as a liquid from natural gas in a surface separator by retrograde condensation. It consists mainly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 to C20. It is a liquid at atmospheric temperature and pressure.] | 265-047-3 | 64741-47-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-347-00-5 | Natural gas (petroleum), raw liq. mix; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated as a liquid from natural gas in a gas recycling plant by processes such as refrigeration or absorption. It consists mainly of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C2 through C8.] | 265-048-9 | 64741-48-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-348-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light hydrocracked; Low boiling naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C10, and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 180 oC (- 4 oF to 356 oF).] | 265-071-4 | 64741-69-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-349-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy hydrocracked; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12, and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (148 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-079-8 | 64741-78-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-350-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), sweetened; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum naphtha to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 10 oC to 230 oC (14 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-089-2 | 64741-87-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-351-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), acid-treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-115-2 | 64742-15-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-352-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), chemically neutralized heavy; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (149 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-122-0 | 64742-22-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-353-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), chemically neutralized light; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-123-6 | 64742-23-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-354-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the catalytic dewaxing of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 230 oC (95 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-170-2 | 64742-66-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-355-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF). This stream is likely to contain 10 vol.% or more benzene.] | 265-187-5 | 64742-83-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-356-00-4 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), light arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from distillation of aromatic streams. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 135 oC to 210 oC (275 oF to 410 oF).] | 265-199-0 | 64742-95-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-357-00-X | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C6-10, acid-treated, neutralized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 268-618-5 | 68131-49-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-358-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), C3-5, 2-methyl-2-butene-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5, predominantly isopentane and 3-methyl-1-butene. It consists of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly 2-methyl-2-butene.] | 270-725-7 | 68477-34-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-359-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), polymd. steam-cracked petroleum distillates, C5-12 fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of polymerized steam-cracked petroleum distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12.]] | 270-735-1 | 68477-50-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-360-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C5-12 fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained by the distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12.] | 270-736-7 | 68477-53-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-361-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C5-10 fraction, mixed with light steam-cracked petroleum naphtha C5 fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 270-738-8 | 68477-55-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-362-00-7 | Extracts (petroleum), cold-acid, C4-6; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of organic compounds produced by cold acid unit extraction of saturated and unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C6, predominantly pentanes and amylenes. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C6, predominantly C5.] | 270-741-4 | 68477-61-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-363-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), depentanizer overheads; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic cracked gas stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6.] | 270-771-8 | 68477-89-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-364-00-8 | Residues (petroleum), butane splitter bottoms; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex residuum from the distillation of butane stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6.] | 270-791-7 | 68478-12-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-365-00-3 | Residual oils (petroleum), deisobutanizer tower; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex residuum from the atmospheric distillation of the butane-butylene stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6.] | 270-795-9 | 68478-16-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-366-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range coker; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a fluid coker. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C15 and boiling in the range of approximately 43 oC to 250 oC (110 oF to 500 oF).] | 270-991-4 | 68513-02-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-367-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), steam-cracked middle arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 220 oC (266 oF to 428 oF).]] | 271-138-9 | 68516-20-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-368-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), clay-treated full-range straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of full-range straight-run naphtha with natural or modified clay, usually in a percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately - 20 oC to 220 oC (- 4 oF to 429 oF).] | 271-262-3 | 68527-21-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-369-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), clay-treated light straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of light straight-run naphtha with a natural or modified clay, usually in a percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities, present. It consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 93 oC to 180 oC (200 oF to 356 oF.] | 271-263-9 | 68527-22-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-370-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C9 and boiling in the range of approximately 110 oC to 165 oC (230 oF to 329 oF).] | 271-264-4 | 68527-23-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-371-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, debenzenized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 218 oC (176 oF to 424 oF).] | 271-266-5 | 68527-26-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-372-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), arom.-contg.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 271-635-0 | 68603-08-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-373-00-7 | Gasoline, pyrolysis, debutanizer bottoms; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of depropanizer bottoms. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C5.] | 271-726-5 | 68606-10-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-374-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), light, sweetened; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately - 20 oC to 100 oC (- 4 oF to 212 oF).] | 272-206-0 | 68783-66-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-375-00-8 | Natural gas condensates; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated and/or condensed from natural gas during transportation and collected at the wellhead and/or from the production, gathering, transmission, and distribution pipelines in deeps, scrubbers, etc. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C8.] | 272-896-3 | 68919-39-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H J |
649-376-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha unifiner stripper; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by stripping the products from the naphtha unifiner. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 272-932-8 | 68921-09-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-377-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic reformed light, arom.-free fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons remaining after removal of aromatic compounds from catalytic reformed light naphtha in a selective absorption process. It consists predominantly of paraffinic and cyclic compounds having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 66 oC to 121 oC (151 oF to 250 oF).] | 285-510-3 | 85116-59-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-378-00-4 | Gasoline; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons consisting primarily of paraffins, cycloparaffins, aromatic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C3 and boiling in the range of 30 oC to 260 oC (86 oF to 500 oF).] | 289-220-8 | 86290-81-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-379-00-X | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C7-8, dealkylation products, distn. residues; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 292-698-0 | 90989-42-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-380-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C4-6, depentanizer lights, arom. hydrotreater; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the depentanizer column before hydrotreatment of the aromatic charges. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6, predominantly pentanes and pentenes, and boiling in the range of approximately 25 oC to 40 oC (77 oF to 104 oF).] | 295-298-4 | 91995-38-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-381-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), heat-soaked steam-cracked naphtha, C5-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of heat-soaked steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C6, predominantly C5.] | 295-302-4 | 91995-41-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-382-00-6 | Extracts (petroleum), catalytic reformed light naphtha solvent; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from the solvent extraction of a catalytically reformed petroleum cut. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 200 oC (212 oF to 392 oF).] | 295-331-2 | 91995-68-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-383-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized light, dearomatized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of hydrodesulfurized and dearomatized light petroleum fractions. It consists predominantly of C7 paraffins and cycloparaffins boiling in a range of approximately 90 oC to 100 oC (194 oF to 212 oF).] | 295-434-2 | 92045-53-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-384-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), light, C5-rich, sweetened; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum naphtha to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C5, predominantly C5, and boiling in the range of approximately minus 10 oC to 35 oC (14 oF to 95 oF).] | 295-442-6 | 92045-60-8 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-385-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C8-11, naphtha-cracking, toluene cut; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation from prehydrogenated cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 205 oC (266 oF to 401 oF).] | 295-444-7 | 92045-62-0 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-386-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C4-11, naphtha-cracking, arom.-free; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from prehydrogenated cracked naphtha after distillative separation of benzene- and toluene-containing hydrocarbon cuts and a higher boiling fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 205 oC (86 oF to 401 oF).] | 295-445-2 | 92045-63-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-387-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), light heat-soaked, steam-cracked; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of steam cracked naphtha after recovery from a heat soaking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately 0 oC to 80 oC (32 oF to 176 oF.] | 296-028-8 | 92201-97-3 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-388-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), C6-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of a petroleum feedstock. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers of C5 through C7, rich in C6, and boiling in the range of approximately 60 oC to 70 oC (140 oF to 158 oF).] | 296-903-4 | 93165-19-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-389-00-4 | Gasoline, pyrolysis, hydrogenated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A distillation fraction from the hydrogenation of pyrolysis gasoline boiling in the range of approximately 20 oC to 200 oC (68 oF to 392 oF).] | 302-639-3 | 94114-03-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-390-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C8-12 fraction, polymd., distn. lights; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of the polymerized C8 through C12 fraction from steam-cracked petroleum distillates. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C12.] | 305-750-5 | 95009-23-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-391-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum) heavy naphtha solvent, clay-treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of heavy naphthic solvent petroleum extract with bleaching earth. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C18 and boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 180 oC (175 oF to 356 oF).] | 308-261-5 | 97926-43-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-392-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, debenzenized, thermally treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment and distillation of debenzenized light steam-cracked petroleum naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 95 oC to 200 oC (203 oF to 392 oF).] | 308-713-1 | 98219-46-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-393-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, thermally treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment and distillation of light steam-cracked petroleum naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 80 oC (95 oF to 176 oF).] | 308-714-7 | 98219-47-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-394-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), C7-9, C8-rich, hydrodesulfurized dearomatized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of petroleum light fraction, hydrodesulfurized and dearomatized. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C7 through C9, predominantly C8 paraffins and cycloparaffins, boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 130 oC (248 oF to 266 oF).] | 309-862-5 | 101316-56-7 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-395-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C6-8, hydrogenated sorption-dearomatized, toluene raffination; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained during the sorptions of toluene from a hydrocarbon fraction from cracked gasoline treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 135 oC (176 oF to 275 oF).] | 309-870-9 | 101316-66-9 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-396-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range coker; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized coker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 23 oC to 196 oC (73 oF to 385 oF).] | 309-879-8 | 101316-76-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-397-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), sweetened light; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum naphtha to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 20 oC to 130 oC (68 oF to 266 oF).] | 309-976-5 | 101795-01-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-398-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C3-6, C5-rich, steam-cracked naphtha; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C6, predominantly C5.] | 310-012-0 | 102110-14-5 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-399-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C5-rich, dicyclopentadiene-contg.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of the products from a stream-cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers of C5 and dicyclopentadiene and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 170 oC (86 oF to 338 oF).] | 310-013-6 | 102110-15-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-400-00-2 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked light, arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the products of steam cracking or similar processes after taking off the very light products resulting in a residue starting with hydrocarbons having carbon numbers greater than C5. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers greater than C5 and boiling above approximately 40 oC (104 oF).] | 310-057-6 | 102110-55-4 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-401-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C≥ 5, C5-6-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 270-690-8 | 68476-50-6 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-402-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C5-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 270-695-5 | 68476-55-1 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-403-00-9 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8-10; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 292-695-4 | 90989-39-2 | Carc. 1B Asp. Tox. 1 | H350 H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H304 | | | H P |
649-404-00-4 | Kerosine (petroleum); Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (320 oF to 554 oF).] | 232-366-4 | 8008-20-6 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-405-00-X | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), medium aliph.; Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude oil or natural gasoline. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 140 oC to 220 oC (284 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-191-7 | 64742-88-7 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-406-00-5 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum) heavy aliph.; Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude oil or natural gasoline. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 190 oC to 290 oC (374 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-200-4 | 64742-96-7 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-407-00-0 | Kerosine (petroleum), straight-run wide-cut; Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a wide cut hydrocarbon fuel cut from atmospheric distillation and boiling in the range of approximately 70 oC to 220 oC (158 oF to 428 oF).] | 295-418-5 | 92045-37-9 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-408-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 290 oC (190 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-194-3 | 64742-91-2 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-409-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), cracked stripped steam-cracked petroleum distillates, C8-10 fraction; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distilling cracked stripped steam-cracked distillates. It consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 129 oC to 194 oC (264 oF to 382 oF).] | 270-728-3 | 68477-39-4 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-410-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), cracked stripped steam-cracked petroleum distillates, C10-12 fraction; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distilling cracked stripped steam-cracked distillates. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C10 through C12.] | 270-729-9 | 68477-40-7 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-411-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C8-12 fraction; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained by the distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C12.] | 270-737-2 | 68477-54-3 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-412-00-8 | Kerosine (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized thermal cracked; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized thermal cracker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons predominantly in the range of C8 to C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 283 oC (284 oF to 541 oF).] | 285-507-7 | 85116-55-8 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-413-00-3 | Aromtic hydrocarbons, C≥10, steam-cracking, hydrotreated; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 320 oC (302 oF to 608 oF).] | 292-621-0 | 90640-98-5 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-414-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), steam-cracked, hydrotreated, C9-10-arom.-rich; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process thereafter treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C9 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 140 oC to 200 oC (284 oF to 392 oF).] | 292-637-8 | 90641-13-7 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-415-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), thermal-cracked, alkylarom. hydrocarbon-rich; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of thermal-cracking heavy tars. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 250 oC (212 oF to 482 oF.] | 309-866-7 | 101316-61-4 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-416-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic cracked heavy tar light; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of catalytic cracking heavy tars. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 250 oC (212 oF to 482 oF).] | 309-938-8 | 101631-13-4 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-417-00-5 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrocracked heavy arom.; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of hydrocracked petroleum distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 235 oC to 290 oC (455 oF to 554 oF).] | 309-881-9 | 101316-80-7 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-418-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked heavy tar light; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of steam cracking heavy tars. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 250 oC (212 oF to 482 oF).] | 309-940-9 | 101631-15-6 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-419-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), alkylate; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C17 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 320 oC (401 oF to 608 oF).] | 265-074-0 | 64741-73-7 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-420-00-1 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphtha solvent; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 220 oC (194 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-099-7 | 64741-98-6 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-421-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized light; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-132-5 | 64742-31-0 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-422-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated light; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-149-8 | 64742-47-8 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-423-00-8 | Kerosine (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-184-9 | 64742-81-0 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-424-00-3 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), heavy arom.; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from distillation of aromatic streams. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 165 oC to 290 oC (330 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-198-5 | 64742-94-5 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-425-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy coker; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from a fluid coker. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C15 and boiling in the range of approximately 157 oC to 288 oC (315 oF to 550 oF).] | 269-778-9 | 68333-23-3 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-426-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic reformed hydrodesulfurized heavy, arom. fraction; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by fractionation from catalytically reformed hydrodesulfurized naphtha. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominently in the range of C7 to C 13 and boiling in the range of approximately 98 oC to 218 oC (208 oF to 424 oF).] | 285-508-2 | 85116-57-0 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-427-00-X | Kerosine (petroleum), sweetened; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of 130 oC to 290 oC (266 oF to 554 oF).] | 294-799-5 | 91770-15-9 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-428-00-5 | Kerosine (petroleum), solvent-refined sweetened; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by solvent refining and sweetening and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 260 oC (302 oF to 500 oF).] | 295-416-4 | 92045-36-8 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-429-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C9-16, hydrotreated, dearomatized; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as solvents which have been subjected to hydrotreatment in order to convert aromatics to naphthenes by catalytic hydrogenation.] | 297-854-1 | 93763-35-0 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-430-00-6 | Kerosine (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrodesulfurized; Kerosine — unspecified | 307-033-2 | 97488-94-3 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-431-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range middle coker; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized coker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 283 oC (248 oF to 541 oF).] | 309-864-6 | 101316-58-9 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-432-00-7 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy arom.; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic hydrodesulfurization of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C13 and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 240 oC (356 oF to 464 oF).] | 309-882-4 | 101316-81-8 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-433-00-2 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized medium; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic hydrodesulfurization of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C13 and boiling in the range of approximately 175 oC to 220 oC (347 oF to 428 oF).] | 309-884-5 | 101316-82-9 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-434-00-8 | Kerosine (petroleum), hydrotreated; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of petroleum and subsequent hydrotreatment. It consists predominantly of alkanes, cycloalkanes and alkylbenzenes having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 270 oC (446 oF to 518 oF).] | 309-944-0 | 101631-19-0 | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | GHS08 Dgr | H304 | | | H |
649-435-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), light catalytic cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 400 oC (302 oF to 752 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of bicyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-060-4 | 64741-59-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-436-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate catalytic cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C30 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 450 oC (401 oF to 842 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of tricyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-062-5 | 64741-60-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-437-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), light hydrocracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C18 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 320 oC (320 oF to 608 oF).] | 265-078-2 | 64741-77-1 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | H |
649-438-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), light thermal cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C22 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 370 oC (320 oF to 698 oF).] | 265-084-5 | 64741-82-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-439-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized light catalytic cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light catalytic cracked distillates with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 400 oC (302 oF to 752 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of bicyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-781-5 | 68333-25-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-440-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), light steam-cracked naphtha; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the multiple distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C18.] | 270-662-5 | 68475-80-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-441-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), cracked steam-cracked petroleum distillates; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distilling cracked steam cracked distillate and/or its fractionation products. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominently in the range of C10 to low molecular weight polymers.] | 270-727-8 | 68477-38-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-442-00-1 | Gas oils (petroleum), steam-cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the products from a steam cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C9 and boiling in the range of from approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (400 oF to 752 oF).] | 271-260-2 | 68527-18-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-443-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized thermal cracked middle; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized themal cracker distillate stocks. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 to C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 285-505-6 | 85116-53-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-444-00-2 | Gas oils (petroleum), thermal-cracked, hydrodesulfurized; Cracked gasoil | 295-411-7 | 92045-29-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-445-00-8 | Residues (petroleum), hydrogenated steam-cracked naphtha; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a residual fraction from the distillation of hydrotreated steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 350 oC (32 oF to 662 oF).] | 295-514-7 | 92062-00-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-446-00-3 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked naphtha distn.; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a column bottom from the separation of effluents from steam cracking naphtha at a high temperature. It boils in the range of approximately 147 oC to 300 oC (297 oF to 572 oF) and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 18cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-517-3 | 92062-04-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-447-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), light catalytic cracked, thermally degraded; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process which has been used as a heat transfer fluid. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 190 oC to 340 oC (374 oF to 644 oF). This stream is likely to contain organic sulfur compounds.] | 295-991-1 | 92201-60-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-448-00-4 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked heat-soaked naphtha; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as residue from the distillation of steam cracked heat soaked naphtha and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 350 oC (302 oF to 662 oF).] | 297-905-8 | 93763-85-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-449-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C16-20, solvent-dewaxed hydrocracked paraffinic distn. residue; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent dewaxing of a distillation residue from a hydrocracked paraffinic distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 360 oC to 500 oC (680 oF to 932 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 4,5 cSt at approximately 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-662-2 | 97675-88-2 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | H |
649-450-00-5 | Gas oils (petroleum), light vacuum, thermal-cracked hydrodesulfurized; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by catalytic dehydrosulfurization of thermal-cracked light vacuum petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C14 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 270 oC to 370 oC (518 oF to 698 oF).] | 308-278-8 | 97926-59-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-451-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized middle coker; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons by fractionation from hydrodesulfurised coker distillate stocks. Is consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C21 and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 360 oC (392 oF to 680 oF).] | 309-865-1 | 101316-59-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-452-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy steam-cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of steam cracking heavy residues. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated heavy aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 400 oC (482 oF to 752 oF).] | 309-939-3 | 101631-14-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H |
649-453-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy hydrocracked; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C15-C39 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 600 oC (500 oF to 1112 oF).] | 265-077-7 | 64741-76-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-454-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-090-8 | 64741-88-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-455-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-091-3 | 64741-89-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-456-00-8 | Residual oils (petroleum), solvent deasphalted; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the solvent soluble fraction from C3-C4 solvent deasphalting of a residuum. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-096-0 | 64741-95-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-457-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt a 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-097-6 | 64741-96-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-458-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-098-1 | 64741-97-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-459-00-4 | Residual oils (petroleum,) solvent-refined; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination by hydrocarbons obtained as the solvent insoluble fraction from solvent refining of a residuum using a polar organic solvent such as phenol or furfural. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-101-6 | 64742-01-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-460-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-137-2 | 64742-36-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-461-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-138-8 | 64742-37-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-462-00-0 | Residual oils (petroleum), clay-treated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of a residual oil with a natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-143-5 | 64742-41-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-463-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-146-1 | 64742-44-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-464-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-147-7 | 64742-45-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-465-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-155-0 | 64742-52-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-466-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-156-6 | 64742-53-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-467-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-157-1 | 64742-54-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-468-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-158-7 | 64742-55-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-469-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex comination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-159-2 | 64742-56-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-470-00-4 | Residual oils (petroleum), hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-160-8 | 64742-57-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-471-00-X | Residual oils (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of long, branched chain hydrocarbons from a residual oil by solvent crystallization. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-166-0 | 64742-62-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-472-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 . through C50 and produces a finished oil of not less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-167-6 | 64742-63-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-473-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-168-1 | 64742-64-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-474-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed heavy paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity not less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-169-7 | 64742-65-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-475-00-1 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-172-3 | 64742-68-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-476-00-7 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-173-9 | 64742-69-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-477-00-2 | Paraffin oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-174-4 | 64742-70-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-478-00-8 | Paraffin oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewxing process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-176-5 | 64742-71-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-479-00-3 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), complex dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removing straight chain paraffin hydrocarbons as a solid by treatment with an agent such as urea. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-179-1 | 64742-75-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-480-00-9 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), complex dewaxed light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-180-7 | 64742-76-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-481-00-4 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C20-50, hydrotreated neutral oil-based, high-viscosity; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light vacuum gas oil, heavy vacuum gas oil, and solvent deasphalted residual oil with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst in a two stage process with dewaxing being carried out between the two stages. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of approximately 112cSt at 40 oC. It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 276-736-3 | 72623-85-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-482-00-X | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C15-30, hydrotreated neutral oil-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light vacuum gas oil and heavy vacuum gas oil with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst in a two stage process with dewaxing being carried out between the two stages. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of approximately 15cSt at 40 oC. It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocabons.] | 276-737-9 | 72623-86-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-483-00-5 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C20-50, hydrotreated neutral oil-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light vacuum gas oil, heavy vacuum gas oil and solvent deasphalted residual oil with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst in a two stage process with dewaxing being carried out between the two stages. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of approximately 32cSt at 40 oC. It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 276-738-4 | 72623-87-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-484-00-0 | Lubricating oils; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from solvent extraction and dewaxing processes. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range C15 through C50.] | 278-012-2 | 74869-22-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-485-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), complex dewaxed heavy paraffinci; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by dewaxing heavy paraffinic distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of equal to or greater than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 292-613-7 | 90640-91-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-486-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), complex dewaxed light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by dewaxing light paraffinic distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 292-614-2 | 90640-92-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-487-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent dewaxed heavy paraffinic, clay-treated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating dewaxed heavy paraffinic distillate with neutral or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 292-616-3 | 90640-94-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-488-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C20-50, solvent dewaxed heavy paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating dewaxed heavy paraffinic distillate with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 292-617-9 | 90640-95-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-489-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent dewaxed light paraffinic, clay-treated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of dewaxed light paraffinic distillate with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30.] | 292-618-4 | 90640-96-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-490-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent dewaxed light paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating a dewaxed light paraffinic distillate with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30.] | 292-620-5 | 90640-97-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-491-00-9 | Residual oils (petroleum), hydrotreated solvent dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 292-656-1 | 90669-74-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-492-00-4 | Residual oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 294-843-3 | 91770-57-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-493-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), dewaxed heavy paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from an intensive treatment of dewaxed distillate by hydrogenation in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C25 through C39 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of approximately 44 cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-300-3 | 91995-39-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-494-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), dewaxed light paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from an intensive treatment of dewaxed distillate by hydrogenation in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C21 through C29 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of approximately 13 cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-301-9 | 91995-40-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-495-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrocracked solvent-refined, dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of liquid hydrocarbons obtained by recrystallization of dewaxed hydrocracked solvent-refined petroleum distillates.] | 295-306-6 | 91995-45-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-496-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined light naphthenic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst and removing the aromatic hydrocarbons by solvent extraction. It consists predominantly of naphthenic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of between 13-15cSt at 40 oC.] | 295-316-0 | 91995-54-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-497-00-1 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C17-35, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified | 295-423-2 | 92045-42-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-498-00-7 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), hydrocracked nonarom. solvent-deparaffined; Baseoil — unspecified | 295-424-8 | 92045-43-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-499-00-2 | Residual oils (petroleum), hydrocracked acid-treated solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by solvent removal of paraffins from the residue of the distillation of acid-treated, hydrocracked heavy paraffins and boiling approximately above 380 oC (716 oF).] | 295-499-7 | 92061-86-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-500-00-6 | Paraffin oils (petroleum), solvent-refined dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from sulfur-containing paraffinic crude oil. It consists predominantly of a solvent refined deparaffinated lubricating oil with a viscosity of 65cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-810-6 | 92129-09-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-501-00-1 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), base oils, paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by refining of crude oil. It consists predominantly of aromatics, naphthenics and paraffinics and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of 120 SUS at 100 oF (23cSt at 40 oC).] | 297-474-6 | 93572-43-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-502-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, hydrocracked paraffinic distn. residues, solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 297-857-8 | 93763-38-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-503-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C20-50, residual oil hydrogenation vacuum distillate; Baseoil — unspecified | 300-257-1 | 93924-61-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-504-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrotreated heavy; hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-588-5 | 94733-08-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-505-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrocracked light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent dearomatization of the residue of hydrocracked petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 450 oC (698 oF to 842 oF).] | 305-589-0 | 94733-09-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-506-00-9 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C18-40, solvent-dewaxed hydrocracked distillate-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent deparaffination of the distillation residue from hydrocracked petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 550 oC (698 oF to 1022 oF).] | 305-594-8 | 94733-15-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-507-00-4 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C18-40, solvent-dewaxed hydrogenated raffinate-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent deparaffination of the hydrogenated raffinate obtained by solvent extraction of a hydrotreated petroleum distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 550 oC (698 oF to 1022 oF).] | 305-595-3 | 94733-16-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-508-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C13-30, arom.-rich, solvent-extd. naphthenic distillate; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-971-7 | 95371-04-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-509-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C16-32, arom. rich, solvent-extd. naphthenic distillate; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-972-2 | 95371-05-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-510-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C37-68, dewaxed deasphalted hydrotreated vacuum distn. residues; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-974-3 | 95371-07-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-511-00-6 | Hydrocarbons, C37-65, hydrotreated deasphalted vacuum distn. residues; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-975-9 | 95371-08-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-512-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrocracked solvent-refined light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the solvent treatment of a distillate from hydrocracked petroleum distillates. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 450 oC (698 oF to 842 oF.] | 307-010-7 | 97488-73-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-513-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrogenated heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, obtained by the treatment of a hydrogenated petroleum distillate with a solvent. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C19 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 390 oC to 550 oC (734 oF to 1022 oF).] | 307-011-2 | 97488-74-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-514-00-2 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C18-27, hydrocracked solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 307-034-8 | 97488-95-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-515-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C17-30, hydrotreated solvent-deasphalted atm. distn. residue, distn. lights; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the treatment of a solvent deasphalted short residue with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C30 and boiling in the range of approximately 300 oC to 400 oC (572 oF to 752 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 4cSt at approximately 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-661-7 | 97675-87-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-516-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C17-40, hydrotreated solvent-deasphalted distn. residue, vacuum distn. lights; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the catalytic hydrotreatment of a solvent deasphalted short residue having a viscosity of 8cSt at approximately 100 oC (212 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 300 oC to 500 oC (592 oF to 932 oF).] | 307-755-8 | 97722-06-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-517-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C13-27, solvent-extd. light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by extraction of the aromatics from a light naphthenic distillate having a viscosity of 9.5cSt at 40 oC (104 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 240 oC to 400 oC (464 oF to 752 oF).] | 307-758-4 | 97722-09-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-518-00-4 | Hydrocarbons, C14-29, solvent-extd. light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by extraction of the aromatics from a light naphthenic distillate having a viscosity of 16cSt at 40 oC (104 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C14 through C29 and boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 425 oC (482 oF to 797 oF).] | 307-760-5 | 97722-10-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-519-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C27-42, dearomatized; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-131-8 | 97862-81-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-520-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C17-30, hydrotreated distillates, distn. lights; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-132-3 | 97862-82-3 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-521-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C27-45, naphthenic vacuum distn.; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-133-9 | 97862-83-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-522-00-6 | Hydrocarbons, C27-45, dearomatized; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-287-7 | 97926-68-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-523-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C20-58, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-289-8 | 97926-70-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-524-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C27-42, naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-290-3 | 97926-71-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-525-00-2 | Residual oils (petroleum), carbon-treated solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of solvent-dewaxed petroleum residual oils with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities.] | 309-710-8 | 100684-37-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-526-00-8 | Residual oils (petroleum), clay-treated solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of solvent-dewaxed petroleum residual oils with bleaching earth for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities.] | 309-711-3 | 100684-38-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-527-00-3 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C>25, solvent-extd., deasphalted, dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of vacuum distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 32cSt to 37cSt at 100 oC (212 oF).] | 309-874-0 | 101316-69-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-528-00-9 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C17-32, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of atmospheric distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C32 and produced a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 17cSt to 23cSt at 40 oC (104 oF.] | 309-875-6 | 101316-70-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-529-00-4 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C20-35, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of atmospheric distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C35 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 37cSt to 44cSt at 40 oC (104 oF).] | 309-876-1 | 101316-71-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-530-00-X | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C24-50, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of atmospheric distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C24 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 16cSt to 75cSt at 40 oC (104 oF).] | 309-877-7 | 101316-72-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-531-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent, arom. conc.; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [An aromatic concentrate produced by adding water to heavy naphthenic distillate solvent extract and extraction solvent.] | 272-175-3 | 68783-00-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-532-00-0 | Extracts (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy paraffinic distillate solvent; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from the re-extraction of solvent-refined heavy paraffinic distillate. It consists of saturated and aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 272-180-0 | 68783-04-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-533-00-6 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillates, solvent-deasphalted; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from a solvent extraction of heavy paraffinic distillate.] | 272-342-0 | 68814-89-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-534-00-1 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a heavy naphthenic distillate solvent extract with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil of at least 19cSt at 40 oC (100 SUS at 100 oF).] | 292-631-5 | 90641-07-9 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-535-00-7 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating a heavy paraffinic distillate solvent extract with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C21 through C33 and boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 480 oC (662 oF to 896 oF). | 292-632-0 | 90641-08-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-536-00-2 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating a light paraffinic distillate solvent extract with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C26 and boiling in the range of approximately 280 oC to 400 oC (536 oF to 752 oF).] | 292-633-6 | 90641-09-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-537-00-8 | Extracts (petroleum), hydrotreated light paraffinic distillate solvent; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from solvent extraction of intermediate paraffinic top solvent distillate that is treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C36.] | 295-335-4 | 91995-73-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-538-00-3 | Extracts (petroleum), light naphthenic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating the extract, obtained from a solvent extraction process, with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst under conditions primarily to remove sulfur compounds. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30. This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 295-338-0 | 91995-75-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-539-00-9 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, acid-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a fraction of the distillation of an extract from the solvent extraction of light paraffinic top petroleum distillates that is subjected to a sulfuric acid refining. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C32.] | 295-339-6 | 91995-76-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-540-00-4 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction of a light paraffin distillate and treated with hydrogen to convert the organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is eliminated. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C40 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of greater than 10cSt at 40 oC.] | 295-340-1 | 91995-77-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-541-00-X | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum gas oil solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, obtained by solvent extraction from light vacuum petroleum gas oils and treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C30.] | 295-342-2 | 91995-79-8 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-542-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillate solvent, clay-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contact or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50. This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more 4-6 membered ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 296-437-1 | 92704-08-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-543-00-0 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of greater than 19cSt at 40 oC.] | 297-827-4 | 93763-10-1 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-544-00-6 | Extracts (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed heavy paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a solvent dewaxed petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of greater than 19cSt at 40 oC.] | 297-829-5 | 93763-11-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-545-00-1 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, carbon-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a fraction from distillation of an extract recovered by solvent extraction of light paraffinic top petroleum distillate treated with activated charcoal to remove traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C32.] | 309-672-2 | 100684-02-4 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-546-00-7 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, clay-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a fraction from distillation of an extract recovered by solvent extraction of light paraffinic top petroleum distillates treated with bleaching earth to remove traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C32.] | 309-673-8 | 100684-03-5 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-547-00-2 | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum, gas oil solvent, carbon-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction of light vacuum petroleum gas oil treated with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C30.] | 309-674-3 | 100684-04-6 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-548-00-8 | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum gas oil solvent, clay-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction of light vacuum petroleum gas oils treated with bleaching earth for removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C30.] | 309-675-9 | 100684-05-7 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-549-00-3 | Foots oil (petroleum); Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the oil fraction from a solvent deoiling or a wax sweating process. It consists predominantly of branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 265-171-8 | 64742-67-2 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
649-550-00-9 | Foots oil (petroleum), hydrotreated; Foots oil | 295-394-6 | 92045-12-0 | Carc. 1B | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | H L |
650-002-00-6 | turpentine, oil | 232-350-7 | 8006-64-2 | Flam. Liq. 3 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Asp. Tox. 1 Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H226 H332 H312 H302 H304 H319 H315 H317 H411 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H332 H312 H302 H304 H319 H315 H317 H411 | | | |
650-003-00-1 | fenson (ISO); 4-chlorophenyl benzenesulphonate; | 201-274-6 | 80-38-6 | Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Irrit. 2 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H319 H411 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H319 H411 | | | |
650-004-00-7 | norbormide (ISO); 5-(α-hydroxy-α-2-pyridylbenzyl)-7-(α-2-pyridylbenzylidene)bicyclo [2.2.1] hept-5-ene-2,3-dicarboximide | 213-589-6 | 991-42-4 | Acute Tox. 4 * | H302 | GHS07 Wng | H302 | | | |
650-005-00-2 | (2R,6aS,12aS)-1,2,6,6a,12,12a-hexahydro-2-isopropenyl-8,9-dimethoxychromeno[3,4-b]furo[2,3-h]chromen-6-one, rotenone | 201-501-9 | 83-79-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Eye Irrit. 2 STOT SE 3 Skin Irrit. 2 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H319 H335 H315 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H319 H335 H315 H410 | | | |
650-006-00-8 | benquinox (ISO); p-benzoquinone 1-benzoylhydrazone 4-oxime | 207-807-9 | 495-73-8 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 4 * | H301 H312 | GHS06 Dgr | H301 H312 | | | |
650-007-00-3 | chlordimeform (ISO); N2-(4-chloro-o-tolyl)-N1,N1-dimethylformamidine | 228-200-5 | 6164-98-3 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H312 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H312 H302 H410 | | | |
650-008-00-9 | drazoxolon (ISO); 4-(2-chlorophenylhydrazone)-3-methyl-5-isoxazolone | 227-197-8 | 5707-69-7 | Acute Tox. 3 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H301 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H301 H410 | | | |
650-009-00-4 | chlordimeform hydrochloride; N'-(4-chloro-o-tolyl)-N,N-dimethylformamidine monohydrochloride; N2-(4-chloro-o-tolyl)-N1,N1-dimethylformamidine hydorchloride | 243-269-1 | 19750-95-9 | Carc. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H351 H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H351 H302 H410 | | | |
650-010-00-X | benzyl violet 4B; α-[4-(4-dimethylamino-α-{4-[ethyl(3-sodiosulphonatobenzyl)amino] phenyl}benzylidene)cyclohexa-2,5-dienylidene(ethyl)ammonio]toluene-3-sulphonate | 216-901-9 | 1694-09-3 | Carc. 2 | H351 | GHS08 Wng | H351 | | | |
650-012-00-0 | erionite | — | 12510-42-8 | Carc. 1A | H350 | GHS08 Dgr | H350 | | | |
650-013-00-6 | asbestos | — — — — — — — | 12001-28-4 132207-32-0 12172-73-5 77536-66-4 77536-68-6 77536-67-5 12001-29-5 | Carc. 1A STOT RE 1 | H350 H372 ** | GHS08 Dgr | H350 H372 ** | | | |
650-014-00-1 | diethyl 2,4-dihydroxycyclodisiloxane-2,4-diylbis(trimethylene)diphosphonate, tetrasodium salt, reaction products with disodium metasilicate | 401-770-4 | — | Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * | H314 H302 | GHS05 GHS07 Dgr | H314 H302 | | | |
650-015-00-7 | rosin; colophony | 232-475-7 232-484-6 277-299-1 | 8050-09-7 8052-10-6 73138-82-6 | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | GHS07 Wng | H317 | | | |
650-016-00-2 | Mineral wool, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex; [Man-made vitreous (silicate) fibres with random orientation with alkaline oxide and alkali earth oxide (Na2O+K2O+CaO+MgO+BaO) content greater than 18 % by weight] | — | — | Carc. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 | H351 H315 | GHS08 GHS07 Wng | H351 H315 | | | AQR |
650-017-00-8 | Refractory Ceramic Fibres; Special Purpose Fibres, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex; [Man-made vitreous (silicate) fibres with random orientation with alkaline oxide and alkali earth oxide (Na2O+K2O+CaO+ MgO+BaO) content less or equal to 18 % by weight] | — | — | Carc. 1B Skin Irrit. 2 | H350i H315 | GHS08 GHS07 Dgr | H350i H315 | | | A R |
650-018-00-3 | Reaction product of: acetophenone, formaldehyde, cyclohexylamine, methanol and acetic acid | 406-230-1 | — | Flam. Liq. 3 Carc. 2 Skin Corr. 1B Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H226 H351 H314 H332 H317 H400 H410 | GHS02 GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H226 H351 H314 H332 H317 H410 | | | |
650-031-00-4 | bis(4-hydroxy-N-methylanilinium) sulphate | 200-237-1 | 55-55-0 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H373 ** H317 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H317 H410 | | | |
650-032-00-X | cyproconazole (ISO); (2RS,3RS;2RS,3SR)-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-cyclopropyl-1-(1H—1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butan-2-ol | — | 94361-06-5 | Repr. 2 Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H361d *** H302 H400 H410 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H361d *** H302 H410 | | | |
650-033-00-5 | (S)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl-(S)-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-methylbutyrate; esfenvalerate | — | 66230-04-4 | Acute Tox. 3 * Acute Tox. 3 * Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H331 H301 H317 H400 H410 | GHS06 GHS09 Dgr | H331 H301 H317 H410 | | | |
650-041-00-9 | triasulfuron (ISO); 1-[2-(2-chloroethoxy)phenylsulfonyl]-3-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)urea | — | 82097-50-5 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
650-042-00-4 | reaction product of: polyethylene-polyamine-(C16-C18)-alkylamides with monothio-(C2)-alkyl phosphonates | 417-450-2 | — | Eye Irrit. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 3 | H319 H315 H317 H412 | GHS07 Wng | H319 H315 H317 H412 | | | |
650-043-00-X | reaction product of: 3,5-bis-tert-butylsalicylic acid and aluminiumsulfate | 420-310-3 | — | Acute Tox. 4 * Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H302 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H410 | | | |
650-044-00-5 | mixed linear and branched C14-15 alcohols ethoxylated, reaction product with epichlorohydrin | 420-480-9 | 158570-99-1 | Skin Irrit. 2 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H317 H400 H410 | GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H315 H317 H410 | | | |
650-045-00-0 | reaction product of: 1,2,3-propanetricarboxylic acid, 2-hydroxy, diethyl ester, 1-propanol and zirconium tetra-n-propanolate | 417-110-3 | — | Flam. Liq. 2 Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H225 H315 H318 H411 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS09 Dgr | H225 H315 H318 H411 | | | |
650-046-00-6 | di(tetramethylammonium)(29H,31H-phthalocyanin-N29,N30,N31,N32)disulfonamide disulfonate, cuprate(2-)complex, derivates | 416-180-2 | 12222-04-7 | Acute Tox. 4 * STOT RE 2 * Aquatic Chronic 2 | H302 H373 ** H411 | GHS08 GHS07 GHS09 Wng | H302 H373 ** H411 | | | |
650-047-00-1 | dibenzylphenylsulfonium hexafluoroantimonate | 417-760-8 | 134164-24-2 | STOT RE 1 Acute Tox. 4 * Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Chronic 2 | H372 ** H302 H318 H317 H411 | GHS08 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H372 ** H302 H318 H317 H411 | | | |
650-048-00-7 | reaction product of: borax, hydrogen peroxide, acetic acid anhydride and acetic acid | 420-070-1 | — | Org. Perox. D **** Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Acute Tox. 4 * Skin Corr. 1A Aquatic Acute 1 | H242 H332 H312 H302 H314 H400 | GHS02 GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H242 H332 H312 H302 H314 H400 | | | |
650-049-00-2 | 2-alkoyloxyethyl hydrogen maleate, where alkoyl represents (by weight) 70 to 85 % unsaturated octadecoyl, 0.5 to 10 % saturated octadecoyl, and 2 to 18 % saturated hexadecoyl | 417-960-5 | — | Skin Irrit. 2 Eye Dam. 1 Skin Sens. 1 Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H315 H318 H317 H400 H410 | GHS05 GHS07 GHS09 Dgr | H315 H318 H317 H410 | | | |
650-050-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1-methyl-3-hydroxypropyl 3,5-[1,1-dimethylethyl]-4-hydroxydihydro-cinnamate and/or 3-hydroxybutyl 3,5-[1,1-dimethylethyl]-4-hydroxydihydrocinnamate; 1,3-butanediol bis[3-(3'-(1,1-dimethylethyl)4'-hydroxy-phenyl)propionate] isomers; 1,3-butanediol bis[3-(3',5'-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4'-hydroxyphenyl)propionate] isomers | 423-600-8 | — | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | GHS09 | H411 | | | |
650-055-00-5 | silver sodium zirconium hydrogenphosphate | 422-570-3 | 155925-27-2 | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | GHS09 Wng | H410 | | | |
Table 3.2
The list of harmonised classification and labelling of hazardous substances from Annex I to Directive 67/548/EEC
Index No | International Chemical Identification | EC No | CAS No | Classification | Labelling | Concentration Limits | Notes |
001-001-00-9 | hydrogen | 215-605-7 | 1333-74-0 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
001-002-00-4 | aluminium lithium hydride | 240-877-9 | 16853-85-3 | F; R15 | F R: 15 S: (2-)7/8-24/25-43 | | |
001-003-00-X | sodium hydride | 231-587-3 | 7646-69-7 | F; R15 | F R: 15 S: (2-)7/8-24/25-43 | | |
001-004-00-5 | calcium hydride | 232-189-2 | 7789-78-8 | F; R15 | F R: 15 S: (2-)7/8-24/25-43 | | |
003-001-00-4 | lithium | 231-102-5 | 7439-93-2 | F; R15 R14 C; R34 | F; C R: 14/15-34 S: (1/2-)8-43-45 | | |
003-002-00-X | n-hexyllithium | 404-950-0 | 21369-64-2 | F; R15-17 R14 C; R35 | F; C R: 14/15-17-35 S: (1/2-)6-16-26-30-36/37/39-43-45 | | |
004-001-00-7 | beryllium | 231-150-7 | 7440-41-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | T+ R: 49-25-26-36/37/38-43-48/23 S: 53-45 | | E |
004-002-00-2 | beryllium compounds with the exception of aluminium beryllium silicates, and with those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 49-25-26-36/37/38-43-48/23-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | AE |
004-003-00-8 | beryllium oxide | 215-133-1 | 1304-56-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | T+ R: 49-25-26-36/37/38-43-48/23 S: 53-45 | | E |
005-001-00-X | boron trifluoride | 231-569-5 | 7637-07-2 | R14 T+; R26 C; R35 | T+; C R: 14-26-35 S: (1/2-)9-26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
005-002-00-5 | boron trichloride | 233-658-4 | 10294-34-5 | R14 T+; R26/28 C; R34 | T+ R: 14-26/28-34 S: (1/2-)9-26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
005-003-00-0 | boron tribromide | 233-657-9 | 10294-33-4 | R14 T+; R26/28 C; R35 | T+; C R: 14-26/28-35 S: (1/2-)9-26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
005-004-00-6 | trialkylboranes | — | — | F; R17 C; R34 | F; C R: 17-34 S: (1/2-)7-23-26-36/37/39-43-45 | | A |
005-005-00-1 | trimethyl borate | 204-468-9 | 121-43-7 | R10 Xn; R21 | Xn R: 10-21 S: (2-)23-25 | | |
005-006-00-7 | dibutyltin hydrogen borate | 401-040-5 | 75113-37-0 | T; R48/25 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21/22-41-43-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
005-009-00-3 | tetrabutylammonium butyltriphenylborate | 418-080-4 | 120307-06-4 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-56-61 | | |
005-010-00-9 | N,N-dimethylanilinium tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)borate | 422-050-6 | 118612-00-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 | Xn R: 22-38-40-41 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
005-012-00-X | diethyl{4-[1,5,5-tris(4-diethylaminophenyl)penta-2,4-dienylidene]cyclohexa-2,5-dienylidene}ammonium butyltriphenylborate | 418-070-1 | 141714-54-7 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
006-001-00-2 | carbon monoxide | 211-128-3 | 630-08-0 | F+; R12 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 T; R23-48/23 | F+; T R: 61-12-23-48/23 S: 53-45 | | E |
006-002-00-8 | phosgene; carbonyl chloride | 200-870-3 | 75-44-5 | T+; R26 C; R34 | T+ R: 26-34 S: (1/2-)9-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
006-003-00-3 | carbon disulphide | 200-843-6 | 75-15-0 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 T; R48/23 Xi; R36/38 | F; T R: 11-36/38-48/23-62-63 S: (1/2-)16-33-36/37-45 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63: C ≥ 1 % T; R48/23: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R48/20: 0,2 % ≤ C 006-004-00-9 | calcium carbide | 200-848-3 | 75-20-7 | F; R15 | F R: 15 S: (2-)8-43 | | |
006-005-00-4 | thiram (ISO); tetramethylthiuram disulphide | 205-286-2 | 137-26-8 | Xn; R20/22-48/22 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-36/38-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 006-006-00-X | hydrogen cyanide; hydrocyanic acid | 200-821-6 | 74-90-8 | F+; R12 T+; R26 N; R50-53 | F+; T+; N R: 12-26-50/53 S: (1/2-)7/9-16-36/37-38-45-60-61 | | |
006-006-01-7 | hydrogen cyanide ...%; hydrocyanic acid ...% | 200-821-6 | 74-90-8 | T+; R26/27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)7/9-36/37-38-45-60-61 | | B |
006-007-00-5 | salts of hydrogen cyanide with the exception of complex cyanides such as ferrocyanides, ferricyanides and mercuric oxycyanide | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 R32 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-32-50/53 S: (1/2-)7-28-29-45-60-61 | | A |
006-008-00-0 | antu (ISO); 1-(1-naphthyl)-2-thiourea | 201-706-3 | 86-88-4 | T+; R28 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | T+ R: 28-40 S: (1/2-)25-36/37-45 | | |
006-009-00-6 | 1-isopropyl-3-methylpyrazol-5-yl dimethylcarbamate; isolan | 204-318-2 | 119-38-0 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)28-36/37/39-45 | | |
006-010-00-1 | 5,5-dimethyl-3-oxocyclohex-1-enyl dimethylcarbamate 5,5-dimethyldihydroresorcinol dimethylcarbamate; dimetan | 204-525-8 | 122-15-6 | T; R25 | T R: 25 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
006-011-00-7 | carbaryl (ISO); 1-naphthyl methylcarbamate | 200-555-0 | 63-25-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-40-50 S: (2-)22-24-36/37-46-61 | | |
006-012-00-2 | ziram (ISO); zinc bis dimethyldithiocarbamate | 205-288-3 | 137-30-4 | T+; R26 Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R37-41 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 22-26-37-41-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 006-013-00-8 | metam-sodium (ISO); sodium methyldithiocarbamate | 205-293-0 | 137-42-8 | Xn; R22 R31 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-31-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
006-014-00-3 | nabam (ISO); disodium ethylenebis(N,N'-dithiocarbamate) | 205-547-0 | 142-59-6 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-37-43-50/53 S: (2-)8-24/25-46-60-61 | | |
006-015-00-9 | diuron (ISO); 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 206-354-4 | 330-54-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22-48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-22-23-37-46-60-61 | | |
006-016-00-4 | propoxur (ISO); 2-isopropyloxyphenyl N-methylcarbamate; 2-isopropoxyphenyl methylcarbamate | 204-043-8 | 114-26-1 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-60-61 | | |
006-017-00-X | aldicarb (ISO); 2-methyl-2-(methylthio)propanal-O-(N-methylcarbamoyl)oxime | 204-123-2 | 116-06-3 | T+; R26/28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-26/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-018-00-5 | aminocarb (ISO); 4-dimethylamino-3-tolyl methylcarbamate | 217-990-7 | 2032-59-9 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-019-00-0 | di-allate (ISO); S-(2,3-dichloroallyl)-N,N-diisopropylthiocarbamate | 218-961-1 | 2303-16-4 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-50/53 S: (2-)25-36/37-60-61 | | |
006-020-00-6 | barban (ISO); 4-chlorbut-2-ynyl N-(3-chlorophenyl)carbamate | 202-930-4 | 101-27-9 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-36/37-60-61 | | |
006-021-00-1 | linuron (ISO); 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-methoxy-1-methylurea | 206-356-5 | 330-55-2 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22-48/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-22-40-48/22-62-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
006-022-00-7 | decarbofuran (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-2-methylbenzofuran-7-yl methylcarbamate | — | 1563-67-3 | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)13-36/37-45 | | |
006-023-00-2 | mercaptodimethur (ISO); methiocarb (ISO); 3,5-dimethyl-4-methylthiophenyl N-methylcarbamate | 217-991-2 | 2032-65-7 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-37-45-60-61 | | |
006-024-00-8 | proxan-sodium (ISO); sodium O-isopropyldithiocarbonate | 205-443-5 | 140-93-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-51/53 S: (2-)13-61 | | |
006-025-00-3 | allethrin; (RS)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate; bioallethrin; (RS)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1R,3R)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate; [1] S-bioallethrin; (S)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1R,3R)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate; [2] esbiothrin; (RS)-3-allyl-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl (1R,3R)-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate [3] | 209-542-4 [1] 249-013-5 [2] - [3] | 584-79-2 [1] 28434-00-6 [2] 84030-86-4 [3] | Xn; R20/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-50/53 S: (2-)36-60-61 | | C |
006-026-00-9 | carbofuran (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethylbenzofuran-7-yl N-methylcarbamate | 216-353-0 | 1563-66-2 | T+; R26/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-028-00-X | dinobuton (ISO); 2-(1-methylpropyl)-4,6-dinitrophenyl isopropyl carbonate | 213-546-1 | 973-21-7 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-60-61 | | |
006-029-00-5 | dioxacarb (ISO); 2-(1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | 230-253-4 | 6988-21-2 | T; R25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 25-51/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-61 | | |
006-030-00-0 | EPTC (ISO); S-ethyl dipropylthiocarbamate | 212-073-8 | 759-94-4 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)23 | | |
006-031-00-6 | formetanate (ISO); 3-[(EZ)-dimethylaminomethyleneamino]phenyl methylcarbamate | 244-879-0 | 22259-30-9 | T+; R26/28 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/28-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-28-37/39-45-60-61 | | |
006-032-00-1 | monolinuron (ISO); 3-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-methoxy-1-methylurea | 217-129-5 | 1746-81-2 | Xn; R22-48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
006-033-00-7 | metoxuron (ISO); 3-(3-chloro-4-methoxyphenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 243-433-2 | 19937-59-8 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
006-034-00-2 | pebulate (ISO); N-butyl-N-ethyl-S-propylthiocarbamate | 214-215-4 | 1114-71-2 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)23-61 | | |
006-035-00-8 | pirimicarb (ISO); 5,6-dimethyl-2-dimethylamino-pyrimidin-4-yl N,N-dimethylcarbamate | 245-430-1 | 23103-98-2 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-37-45-60-61 | | |
006-036-00-3 | benzthiazuron (ISO); 1-benzothiazol-2-yl-3-methylurea | 217-685-9 | 1929-88-0 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
006-037-00-9 | promecarb (ISO); 3-isopropyl-5-methylphenyl N-methylcarbamate | 220-113-0 | 2631-37-0 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-37-45-60-61 | | |
006-038-00-4 | sulfallate (ISO); 2-chloroallyl N,N-dimethyldithiocarbamate | 202-388-9 | 95-06-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
006-039-00-X | tri-allate (ISO); S-2,3,3-trichloroallyl diisopropylthiocarbamate | 218-962-7 | 2303-17-5 | Xn; R22-48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
006-040-00-5 | 3-methylpyrazol-5-yl-dimethylcarbamate; monometilan | — | 2532-43-6 | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)13-45 | | |
006-041-00-0 | dimethylcarbamoyl chloride | 201-208-6 | 79-44-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 | T R: 45-22-23-36/37/38 S: 53-45 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,001 % | E |
006-042-00-6 | monuron (ISO); 3-(4-chlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 205-766-1 | 150-68-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
006-043-00-1 | 3-(4-chlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethyluronium trichloroacetate; monuron-TCA | — | 140-41-0 | Xi; R36/38 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 36/38-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
006-044-00-7 | isoproturon (ISO); 3-(4-isopropylphenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 251-835-4 | 34123-59-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 006-045-00-2 | methomyl (ISO); 1-(methylthio)ethylideneamino N-methylcarbamate | 240-815-0 | 16752-77-5 | T+;R28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 28-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-046-00-8 | bendiocarb (ISO); 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl N-methylcarbamate | 245-216-8 | 22781-23-3 | T; R23/25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-047-00-3 | bufencarb (ISO); reaction mass of 3-(1-methylbutyl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate and 3-(1-ethylpropyl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | — | 8065-36-9 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-048-00-9 | ethiofencarb (ISO); 2-(ethylthiomethyl)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | 249-981-9 | 29973-13-5 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
006-049-00-4 | dixanthogen; O,O-diethyl dithiobis(thioformate) | 207-944-4 | 502-55-6 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24 | | |
006-050-00-X | 1,1-dimethyl-3-phenyluronium trichloroacetate; fenuron-TCA | — | 4482-55-7 | Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
006-051-00-5 | ferbam (ISO); iron tris(dimethyldithiocarbamate) | 238-484-2 | 14484-64-1 | Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
006-052-00-0 | formetanate hydrochloride; 3-(N,N-dimethylaminomethyleneamino)phenyl N-methylcarbamate | 245-656-0 | 23422-53-9 | T+; R26/28 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/28-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-28-37/39-45-60-61 | | |
006-053-00-6 | isoprocarb (ISO); 2-isopropylphenyl N-methylcarbamate | 220-114-6 | 2631-40-5 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
006-054-00-1 | mexacarbate (ISO); 3,5-dimethyl-4-dimethylaminophenyl N-methylcarbamate | 206-249-3 | 315-18-4 | T+; R28 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 21-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-055-00-7 | xylylcarb (ISO); 3,4-dimethylphenyl N-methylcarbamate; 3,4-xylyl methylcarbamate; MPMC | 219-364-9 | 2425-10-7 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
006-056-00-2 | metolcarb (ISO); m-tolyl methylcarbamate; MTMC | 214-446-0 | 1129-41-5 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
006-057-00-8 | nitrapyrin (ISO); 2-chloro-6-trichloromethylpyridine | 217-682-2 | 1929-82-4 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)24-61 | | |
006-058-00-3 | noruron (ISO); 1,1-dimethyl-3-(perhydro-4,7-methanoinden-5-yl)urea | — | 2163-79-3 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
006-059-00-9 | oxamyl (ISO); N',N'-dimethylcarbamoyl(methylthio)methylenamine N-methylcarbamate; | 245-445-3 | 23135-22-0 | T+; R26/28 Xn; R21 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 21-26/28-51/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
006-060-00-4 | oxycarboxin (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-6-methyl-5-(N-phenylcarbamoyl)-1,4-oxothiine 4,4-dioxide | 226-066-2 | 5259-88-1 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
006-061-00-X | S-ethyl N-(dimethylaminopropyl)thiocarbamatehydrochloride; prothiocarb hydrochloride | 243-193-9 | 19622-19-6 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
006-062-00-5 | methyl 3,4-dichlorophenylcarbanilate; SWEP. | — | 1918-18-9 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
006-063-00-0 | thiobencarb (ISO); S-4-chlorobenzyl diethylthiocarbamate; | 248-924-5 | 28249-77-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
006-064-00-6 | thiofanox (ISO); 3,3-dimethyl-1-(methylthio)butanone-O-(N-methylcarbamoyl)oxime; | 254-346-4 | 39196-18-4 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)27-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-065-00-1 | 3-chloro-6-cyano-bicyclo(2,2,1)heptan-2-one-O-(N-methylcarbamoyl)oxime; triamid | — | 15271-41-7 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
006-066-00-7 | vernolate (ISO); S-propyl dipropylthiocarbamate; | 217-681-7 | 1929-77-7 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
006-067-00-2 | XMC; 3,5-xylyl methylcarbamate | — | 2655-14-3 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
006-068-00-8 | diazomethane | 206-382-7 | 334-88-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
006-069-00-3 | thiophanate-methyl (ISO); 1,2-di-(3-methoxycarbonyl-2-thioureido)benzene | 245-740-7 | 23564-05-8 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20-43-50/53-68 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
006-070-00-9 | furmecyclox (ISO); N-cyclohexyl-N-methoxy-2,5-dimethyl-3-furamide; | 262-302-0 | 60568-05-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
006-071-00-4 | cyclooct-4-en-1-yl methyl carbonate | 401-620-8 | 87731-18-8 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
006-072-00-X | prosulfocarb(ISO); S-benzyl N,N-dipropylthiocarbamate; | 401-730-6 | 52888-80-9 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
006-073-00-5 | 3-(dimethylamino)propylurea | 401-950-2 | 31506-43-1 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
006-074-00-0 | 2-(3-(prop-1-en-2-yl)phenyl)prop-2-yl isocyanate | 402-440-2 | 2094-99-7 | T+; R26 C; R34 Xn; R48/20 R42/43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26-34-42/43-48/20-50/53 S: (1/2-)7-15-28-36/37/39-38-45-60-61 | | |
006-076-00-1 | mancozeb (ISO) | — | 8018-01-7 | Xi; R37 R43 | Xi R: 37-43 S: (2-)8-24/25-46 | | |
006-077-00-7 | maneb (ISO) | 235-654-8 | 12427-38-2 | Xi; R37 R43 | Xi R: 37-43 S: (2-)8-24/25-46 | | |
006-078-00-2 | zineb (ISO); zinc ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) (polymeric) | 235-180-1 | 12122-67-7 | Xi; R37 R43 | Xi R: 37-43 S: (2-)8-24/25-46 | | |
006-079-00-8 | disulfiram; tetraethylthiuramdisulfide | 202-607-8 | 97-77-8 | Xn; R22-48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
006-080-00-3 | tetramethylthiuram monosulphide | 202-605-7 | 97-74-5 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
006-081-00-9 | zinc bis(dibutyldithiocarbamate) | 205-232-8 | 136-23-2 | Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
006-082-00-4 | zinc bis(diethyldithiocarbamate) | 238-270-9 | 14324-55-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/37/38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
006-083-00-X | butocarboxim (ISO); 3-(methylthio)-2-butanone O-[(methylamino)carbonyl]oxime | 252-139-3 | 34681-10-2 | R10 T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 10-23/24/25-36-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-084-00-5 | carbosulfan (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethyl-7-benzofuryl [(dibutylamino)thio]methylcarbamate; | 259-565-9 | 55285-14-8 | T; R23/25 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-37-38-45-60-61 | | |
006-085-00-0 | fenobucarb (ISO); 2-butylphenyl methylcarbamate; | 223-188-8 | 3766-81-2 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
006-086-00-6 | ethyl [2-(4-phenoxyphenoxy)ethyl]carbamate; fenoxycarb | 276-696-7 | 72490-01-8 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
006-087-00-1 | 2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethyl-7-benzofuryl 2,4-dimethyl-6-oxa-5-oxo-3-thia-2,4-diazadecanoate; furathiocarb | 265-974-3 | 65907-30-4 | T+; R26 T; R25 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 25-26-36/38-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-38-45-60-61 | | |
006-088-00-7 | benfuracarb; ethyl N-[2,3-dihydro-2,2-dimethylbenzofuran-7-yloxycarbonyl(methyl)aminothio]-N-isopropyl- β-alaninate | — | 82560-54-1 | T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
006-089-00-2 | chlorine dioxide | 233-162-8 | 10049-04-4 | O; R8 R6 T+; R26 C; R34 N; R50 | O; T+; N R: 6-8-26-34-50 S: (1/2-)23-26-28-36/37/39-38-45-61 | N; R50: C ≥ 0,02 % | 5 |
006-089-01-X | chlorine dioxide … % | 233-162-8 | 10049-04-4 | T; R25 C; R34 N; R50 | T; N R: 25-34-50 S: (1/2-)23-26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 3 % ≤ C 006-090-00-8 | 2-(3-iodoprop-2-yn-1-yloxy)ethyl phenylcarbamate | 408-010-0 | 88558-41-2 | Xn; R20 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 20-41-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
007-001-00-5 | ammonia, anhydrous | 231-635-3 | 7664-41-7 | R10 ⊗ T; R23 C; R34 N; R50 | T; N R: 10-23-34-50 S: (1/2-)9-16-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
007-001-01-2 | ammonia ....% | 215-647-6 | 1336-21-6 | C; R34 N; R50 | C; N R: 34-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 007-002-00-0 | nitrogen dioxide; [1] dinitrogen tetraoxide [2] | 233-272-6 [1] 234-126-4 [2] | 10102-44-0 [1] 10544-72-6 [2] | T+; R26 C; R34 | T+ R: 26-34 S: (1/2-)9-26-28-36/37/39-45 | T+; R26: C ≥ 10 % T; R23: 1 % ≤ C 007-003-00-6 | chlormequat chloride (ISO); 2-chloroethyltrimethylammonium chloride | 213-666-4 | 999-81-5 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
007-004-00-1 | nitric acid ... % | 231-714-2 | 7697-37-2 | O; R8 C; R35 | O; C R: 8-35 S: (1/2-)23-26-36-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 20 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 007-006-00-2 | ethyl nitrite | 203-722-6 | 109-95-5 | E; R2 Xn; R20/21/22 | E; Xn R: 2-20/21/22 S: (2-) | | |
007-007-00-8 | ethyl nitrate | 210-903-3 | 625-58-1 | E; R2 ⊗ | E R: 2 S: (2-)23-24/25 | | |
007-008-00-3 | hydrazine | 206-114-9 | 302-01-2 | R10 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-10-23/24/25-34-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/38: 3 % ≤ C 007-009-00-9 | dicyclohexylammonium nitrite | 221-515-9 | 3129-91-7 | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-)15-41 | Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 10 % | |
007-010-00-4 | sodium nitrite | 231-555-9 | 7632-00-0 | O; R8 T; R25 N; R50 | O; T; N R: 8-25-50 S: (1/2-)45-61 | T; R25: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R22: 1 % ≤ C 007-011-00-X | potassium nitrite | 231-832-4 | 7758-09-0 | O; R8 T; R25 N; R50 | O; T; N R: 8-25-50 S: (1/2-)45-61 | T; R25: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R22: 1 % ≤ C 007-012-00-5 | N,N-dimethylhydrazine | 200-316-0 | 57-14-7 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/25 C; R34 N; R51-53 | F; T; N R: 45-11-23/25-34-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
007-013-00-0 | 1,2-dimethylhydrazine | — | 540-73-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | E |
007-014-00-6 | salts of hydrazine | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | AE |
007-015-00-1 | O-ethylhydroxylamine | 402-030-3 | 624-86-2 | F; R11 T; R23/24/25-48/23 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50 | F; T; N R: 11-23/24/25-36-43-48/23-50 S: (1/2-)16-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
007-016-00-7 | butyl nitrite | 208-862-1 | 544-16-1 | F; R11 T; R23/25 | F; T R: 11-23/25 S: (1/2-)16-24-45 | | |
007-017-00-2 | isobutyl nitrite | 208-819-7 | 542-56-3 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/22 | F; T R: 11-20/22-45-68 S: 53-45 | | E |
007-018-00-8 | sec-butyl nitrite | 213-104-8 | 924-43-6 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/22 S: (2-)16-24-46 | | |
007-019-00-3 | tert-butyl nitrite | 208-757-0 | 540-80-7 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/22 S: (2-)16-24-46 | | |
007-020-00-9 | pentyl nitrite; [1] "amyl nitrite", mixed isomers [2] | 207-332-7 [1] 203-770-8 [2] | 463-04-7 [1] 110-46-3 [2] | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/22 S: (2-)16-24-46 | | |
007-021-00-4 | hydrazobenzene; 1,2-diphenylhydrazine | 204-563-5 | 122-66-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
007-022-00-X | hydrazine bis(3-carboxy-4-hydroxybenzensulfonate) | 405-030-1 | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 R52-53 | T R: 45-22-34-43-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
007-023-00-5 | sodium 3,5-bis(3-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)propylcarbamoyl)benzenesulfonate | 405-510-0 | — | Xi; R38 R43 | Xi R: 38-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
007-024-00-0 | 2-(decylthio)ethylammonium chloride | 405-640-8 | 36362-09-1 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 38-41-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
007-025-00-6 | (4-hydrazinophenyl)-N-methylmethanesulfonamide hydrochloride | 406-090-1 | 81880-96-8 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R25-48/25 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-43-48/25-68-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
007-026-00-1 | oxo-((2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)amino)carbonylacetohydrazide | 413-230-5 | 122035-71-6 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)8-22-24-26-30-37/39 | | |
007-027-00-7 | 1,6-bis(3,3-bis((1-methylpentylidenimino)propyl)ureido)hexane | 420-190-2 | 771478-66-1 | C; R34 Xn; R21/22-48/21 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 21/22-34-43-48/21-50/53 S: (1/2-)7-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
008-001-00-8 | oxygen | 231-956-9 | 7782-44-7 | O; R8 | O R: 8 S: (2-)17 | | |
008-003-00-9 | hydrogen peroxide solution ... % | 231-765-0 | 7722-84-1 | R5 O; R8 C; R35 Xn; R20/22 | O; C R: 5-8-20/22-35 S: (1/2-)17-26-28-36/37/39-45 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 50 % Xn; R22: C ≥ 8 % C; R35: C ≥ 70 % C; R34: 50 % ≤ C 009-001-00-0 | fluorine | 231-954-8 | 7782-41-4 | R7 ⊗ T+; R26 C; R35 | T+; C R: 7-26-35 S: (1/2-)9-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
009-002-00-6 | hydrogen fluoride | 231-634-8 | 7664-39-3 | T+; R26/27/28 C; R35 | T+; C R: 26/27/28-35 S: (1/2-)7/9-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
009-003-00-1 | hydrofluoric acid ... % | 231-634-8 | 7664-39-3 | T+; R26/27/28 C; R35 | T+; C R: 26/27/28-35 S: (1/2-)7/9-26-36/37-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 7 % C; R34: 1 % ≤ C 009-004-00-7 | sodium fluoride | 231-667-8 | 7681-49-4 | T; R25 Xi; R36/38 R32 | T R: 25-32-36/38 S: (1/2-)22-36-45 | | |
009-005-00-2 | potassium fluoride | 232-151-5 | 7789-23-3 | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
009-006-00-8 | ammonium fluoride | 235-185-9 | 12125-01-8 | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
009-007-00-3 | sodium bifluoride; sodium hydrogen difluoride | 215-608-3 | 1333-83-1 | T; R25 C; R34 | T; C R: 25-34 S: (1/2-)22-26-37-45 | T; R25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R22: 1 % ≤ C 009-008-00-9 | potassium bifluoride; potassium hydrogen difluoride | 232-156-2 | 7789-29-9 | T; R25 C; R34 | T; C R: 25-34 S: (1/2-)22-26-37-45 | T; R25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R22: 1 % ≤ C 009-009-00-4 | ammonium bifluoride; ammonium hydrogen difluoride | 215-676-4 | 1341-49-7 | T; R25 C; R34 | T; C R: 25-34 S: (1/2-)22-26-37-45 | T; R25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R22: 1 % ≤ C 009-010-00-X | fluoroboric acid ... % | 240-898-3 | 16872-11-0 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-27-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R36/38: 10 % ≤ C 009-011-00-5 | fluorosilicic acid ... % | 241-034-8 | 16961-83-4 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-27-45 | | B |
009-012-00-0 | alkali fluorosilicates(Na); [1] alkali fluorosilicates(K); [2] alkali fluorosilicates(NH4) [3] | 240-934-8 [1] 240-896-2 [2] 240-968-3 [3] | 16893-85-9 [1] 16871-90-2 [2] 16919-19-0 [3] | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)26-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R20/21/22: 1 % ≤ C 009-013-00-6 | fluorosilicates, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this annex | — | — | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)13-24/25 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 10 % | A |
009-014-00-1 | lead hexafluorosilicate | 247-278-1 | 25808-74-6 | Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/22 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-62-20/22-33-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E 1 |
009-015-00-7 | sulphuryl difluoride | 220-281-5 | 2699-79-8 | T; R23 Xn; R48/20 N; R50 | T; N R: 23-48/20-50 S: (1/2-)45-63-60-61 | | |
009-016-00-2 | trisodium hexafluoroaluminate; cryolite | 237-410-6 239-148-8 | 13775-53-6 15096-52-3 | T; R48/23/25 Xn; R20/22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 20/22-48/23/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)22-37-45-61 | | C |
009-017-00-8 | potassium mu-fluoro-bis(triethylaluminium) | 400-040-2 | 12091-08-6 | F; R11-14/15 C; R35 Xn; R20 | F; C R: 11-14/15-20-35 S: (1/2-)16-30-36/39-43-45 | | |
009-018-00-3 | magnesium hexafluorosilicate | 241-022-2 | 16949-65-8 | T; R25 | T R: 25 S: (1/2-)24/25-45 | T; R25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R22: 1 % ≤ C 011-001-00-0 | sodium | 231-132-9 | 7440-23-5 | F; 15 R14 C; R34 | F; C R: 14/15-34 S: (1/2-)5-8-43-45 | | |
011-002-00-6 | sodium hydroxide; caustic soda | 215-185-5 | 1310-73-2 | C; R35 | C R: 35 S: (1/2-)26-37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 5 % C; R34: 2 % ≤ C 011-003-00-1 | sodium peroxide | 215-209-4 | 1313-60-6 | O; R8 C; R35 | O; C R: 8-35 S: (1/2-)8-27-39-45 | | |
011-004-00-7 | sodium azide | 247-852-1 | 26628-22-8 | T+; R28 R32 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 28-32-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-45-60-61 | | |
011-005-00-2 | sodium carbonate | 207-838-8 | 497-19-8 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)22-26 | | |
011-006-00-8 | sodium cyanate | 213-030-6 | 917-61-3 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)24/25-61 | | |
011-007-00-3 | propoxycarbazone-sodium | — | 181274-15-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 012-001-00-3 | magnesium powder (pyrophoric) | 231-104-6 | 7439-95-4 | F; R15-17 | F R: 15-17 S: (2-)7/8-43 | | |
012-002-00-9 | magnesium, powder or turnings | 231-104-6 | — | F; R11-15 | F R: 11-15 S: (2-)7/8-43 | | |
012-003-00-4 | magnesium alkyls | — | — | R14 F; R17 C; R34 | F; C R: 14-17-34 S: (1/2-)16-43-45 | | A |
013-001-00-6 | aluminium powder (pyrophoric) | 231-072-3 | 7429-90-5 | F; R15-17 | F R: 15-17 S: (2-)7/8-43 | | |
013-002-00-1 | aluminium powder (stabilised) | 231-072-3 | — | F; R15 R10 ⊗ | F R: 10-15 S: (2-)7/8-43 | | |
013-003-00-7 | aluminium chloride, anhydrous | 231-208-1 | 7446-70-0 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)7/8-28-45 | | |
013-004-00-2 | aluminium alkyls | — | — | R14 F; R17 C; R34 | F; C R: 14-17-34 S: (1/2-)16-43-45 | | A |
013-005-00-8 | diethyl(ethyldimethylsilanolato)aluminium | 401-160-8 | 55426-95-4 | F; R 15-17 R14 C; R35 | F; C R: 14/15-17-35 S: (1/2-)6-16-30-36/39-43-45 | | |
013-006-00-3 | (ethyl-3-oxobutanoato-O'1,O'3)(2-dimethylaminoethanolato)(1-methoxypropan-2-olato)aluminium(III), dimerised | 402-370-2 | — | R10 Xi; R41 | Xi R: 10-41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
013-007-00-9 | poly(oxo(2-butoxyethyl-3-oxobutanoato-O'1,O'3)aluminium) | 403-430-0 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
013-008-00-4 | di-n-octylaluminium iodide | 408-190-0 | 7585-14-0 | R14 F; R17 C; R34 N; R50-53 | F; C; N R: 14-17-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)6-16-26-36/37/39-43-45-60-61 | | |
013-009-00-X | sodium((n-butyl)x(ethyl)y-1,5-dihydro)aluminate) x = 0,5, y = 1,5 | 418-720-2 | — | F; R11-15-17 R14 Xn; R20 C; R35 | F; C R: 11-14/15-17-20-35 S: (1/2-)6-16-26-30-36/37/39-43-45 | | |
014-001-00-9 | trichlorosilane | 233-042-5 | 10025-78-2 | F+; R12 R14 F; R17 Xn; R20/22 R29 C; R35 | F+; C R: 12-14-17-20/22-29-35 S: (2-)7/9-16-26-36/37/39-43-45 | Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 10 % C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 014-002-00-4 | silicon tetrachloride | 233-054-0 | 10026-04-7 | R14 Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 14-36/37/38 S: (2-)7/8-26 | | |
014-003-00-X | dimethyldichlorosilane | 200-901-0 | 75-78-5 | F; R11 Xi; R36/37/38 | F; Xi R: 11-36/37/38 S: (2-) | | |
014-004-00-5 | trichloro(methyl)silane; methyltrichlorosilane | 200-902-6 | 75-79-6 | R14 F; R11 Xi; R36/37/38 | F; Xi R: 11-14-36/37/38 S: (2-)26-39 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 1 % | |
014-005-00-0 | tetraethyl silicate; ethyl silicate | 201-083-8 | 78-10-4 | R10 Xn; R20 Xi; R36/37 | Xn R: 10-20-36/37 S: (2-) | | |
014-006-00-6 | bis(4-fluorophenyl)-methyl-(1,2,4-triazol-4-ylmethyl)silane hydrochloride | 401-380-4 | — | Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
014-007-00-1 | triethoxyisobutylsilane | 402-810-3 | 17980-47-1 | Xi; R38 | Xi R: 38 S: (2-)24 | | |
014-008-00-7 | (chloromethyl)bis(4-fluorophenyl)methylsilane | 401-200-4 | 85491-26-5 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
014-009-00-2 | isobutylisopropyldimethoxysilane | 402-580-4 | 111439-76-0 | R10 Xn; R20 Xi; R38 | Xn R: 10-20-38 S: (2-)25-26-36/37 | | |
014-010-00-8 | disodium metasilicate | 229-912-9 | 6834-92-0 | C; R34 Xi; R37 | C R: 34-37 S: (1/2-)13-24/25-36/37/39-45 | | |
014-011-00-3 | cyclohexyldimethoxymethylsilane | 402-140-1 | 17865-32-6 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)24-61 | | |
014-012-00-9 | bis(3-(trimethoxysilyl)propyl)amine | 403-480-3 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-39-61 | | |
014-013-00-4 | α-hydroxypoly(methyl-(3-(2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yloxy)propyl)siloxane) | 404-920-7 | — | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 21/22-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
014-014-00-X | etacelasil (ISO); 6-(2-chloroethyl)-6-(2-methoxyethoxy)-2,5,7,10-tetraoxa-6-silaundecane; | 253-704-7 | 37894-46-5 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R22-48/22 | T R: 61-22-48/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
014-015-00-5 | α-trimethylsilanyl-ω-trimethylsiloxypoly[oxy(methyl-3-(2-(2-methoxypropoxy)propoxy)propylsilanediyl]-co-oxy(dimethylsilane)) | 406-420-4 | 69430-40-6 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
014-016-00-0 | reaction mass of: 1,3-dihex-5-en-1-yl-1,1,3,3-tetramethyldisiloxane; 1,3-dihex-n-en-1-yl-1,1,3,3-tetramethyldisiloxane | 406-490-6 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
014-017-00-6 | flusilazole (ISO); bis(4-fluorophenyl)(methyl)(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)silane | — | 85509-19-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 61-22-40-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
014-018-00-1 | octamethylcyclotetrasiloxane | 209-136-7 | 556-67-2 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 R53 | Xn R: 53-62 S: (2-)36/37-46-51-61 | | |
014-019-00-7 | reaction mass of: 4-[[bis-(4-fluorophenyl)methylsilyl]methyl]-4H-1,2,4-triazole; 1-[[bis-(4-fluorophenyl)methylsilyl]methyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole | 403-250-2 | — | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 61-22-40-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
014-020-00-2 | bis(1,1-dimethyl-2-propynyloxy)dimethylsilane | 414-960-7 | 53863-99-3 | Xn; R20 | Xn R: 20 S: (2) | | |
014-021-00-8 | tris(isopropenyloxy)phenyl silane | 411-340-8 | 52301-18-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
014-022-00-3 | reaction product of: (2-hydroxy-4-(3-propenoxy)benzophenone and triethoxysilane) with (hydrolysis product of silica and methyltrimethoxysilane) | 401-530-9 | — | F; R11 T; R39/23/24/25 Xn; R20/21/22 | F; T R: 11-20/21/22-39/23/24/25 S: (1/2-)16-29-36/37-45 | | |
014-023-00-9 | α, ω-dihydroxypoly(hex-5-en-1-ylmethylsiloxane)hoxysilane with (hydrolysis product of silica and methyltrimethoxysilane)iazole | 408-160-7 | 125613-45-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
014-024-00-4 | 1-((3-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)propyl)dimethylsilanyl)-4-ethoxybenzene | 412-620-2 | 121626-74-2 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
014-025-00-X | 4-[3-(diethoxymethylsilylpropoxy)-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl]piperidine | 411-400-3 | 102089-33-8 | Xn; R22-48/21 Xi; R38-41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-38-41-48/21-52/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
014-026-00-5 | dichloro-(3-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)propyl)methylsilane | 407-180-3 | 770722-36-6 | C; R35 | C R: 35 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
014-027-00-0 | chloro(3-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)propyl)dimethylsilane | 410-270-5 | 770722-46-8 | C; R35 | C R: 35 S: (1/2-)8-26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
014-028-00-6 | α-[3-(1-oxoprop-2-eny)l-1-oxypropyl]dimethoxysilyloxy-ω-[3(1-oxoprop-2-enyl)-1-oxypropyl]dimethoxysilyl poly(dimethylsiloxane) | 415-290-8 | 193159-06-7 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
014-029-00-1 | O,O'-(ethenylmethylsilylene)di[(4-methylpentan-2-one)oxime] | 421-870-1 | 156145-66-3 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R22-48/22 | Xn R: 22-48/22-62 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
014-030-00-7 | [(dimethylsilylene)bis((1,2,3,3a,7a-η)-1H-inden-1-ylidene)dimethyl]hafnium | 422-060-0 | 137390-08-0 | T+; R28 | T+ R: 28 S: (1/2-)6-22-28-36/37-45 | | |
014-031-00-2 | bis(1-methylethyl)-dimethoxysilane | 421-540-7 | 18230-61-0 | R10 Xi; R38 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 10-38-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
014-032-00-8 | dicyclopentyldimethoxysilane | 404-370-8 | 126990-35-0 | Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-60-61 | | |
015-001-00-1 | white phosphorus | 231-768-7 | 12185-10-3 | F; R17 T+; R26/28 C; R35 N; R50 | F; T+; C; N R: 17-26/28-35-50 S: (1/2-)5-26-38-45-61 | | |
015-002-00-7 | red phosphorus | 231-768-7 | 7723-14-0 | F; R11 R16 R52-53 | F R: 11-16-52/53 S: (2-)7-43-61 | | |
015-003-00-2 | calcium phosphide; tricalcium diphosphide | 215-142-0 | 1305-99-3 | F; R15/29 T+; R28 N; R50 | F; T+; N R: 15/29-28-50 S: (1/2-)22-43-45-61 | | |
015-004-00-8 | aluminium phosphide | 244-088-0 | 20859-73-8 | F; R15/29 T+; R28 R32 N; R50 | F; T+; N R: 15/29-28-32-50 S: (1/2-)3/9/14-30-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-005-00-3 | magnesium phosphide; trimagnesium diphosphide | 235-023-7 | 12057-74-8 | F; R15/29 T+; R28 N; R50 | F; T+; N R: 15/29-28-50 S: (1/2-)22-43-45-61 | | |
015-006-00-9 | trizinc diphosphide; zinc phosphide | 215-244-5 | 1314-84-7 | F; R15/29 T+; R28 R32 N; R50-53 | F; T+; N R: 15/29-28-32-50/53 S: (1/2-)3/9/14-30-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-007-00-4 | phosphorus trichloride | 231-749-3 | 7719-12-2 | R14 T+; R26/28 Xn; R48/20 C; R35 R29 | T+; C R: 14-26/28-35-48/20 S: (1/2-)7/8-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-008-00-X | phosphorus pentachloride | 233-060-3 | 10026-13-8 | R14 T+; R26 Xn; R22-48/20 C; R34 R29 | T+ R: 14-22-26-34-48/20 S: (1/2-)7/8-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-009-00-5 | phosphoryl trichloride | 233-046-7 | 10025-87-3 | R14 T+; R26 T; R48/23 Xn; R22 C; R35 R29 | T+; C R: 14-22-26-35-48/23 S: (1/2-)7/8-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-010-00-0 | phosphorus pentoxide | 215-236-1 | 1314-56-3 | C; R35 | C R: 35 S: (1/2-)22-26-45 | | |
015-011-00-6 | phosphoric acid ... %, orthophosphoric acid ... % | 231-633-2 | 7664-38-2 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R36/38: 10 % ≤ C 015-012-00-1 | tetraphosphorus trisulphide; phosphorus sesquisulphid | 215-245-0 | 1314-85-8 | F; R11 Xn; R22 N; R50 | F; Xn; N R: 11-22-50 S: (2-)7-16-24/25-61 | | |
015-013-00-7 | triethyl phosphate | 201-114-5 | 78-40-0 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)25 | | |
015-014-00-2 | tributyl phosphate | 204-800-2 | 126-73-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 Xi; R38 | Xn R: 22-38-40 S: (2-)36/37-46 | | |
015-015-00-8 | tricresyl phosphate (o-o-o-, o-o-m-, o-o-p-, o-m-m-, o-m-p-, o-p-p-); tritolyl phosphate (o-o-o-, o-o-m-, o-o-p-, o-m-m-, o-m-p-, o-p-p-); | 201-103-5 | 78-30-8 | T; R39/23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 39/23/24/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)20/21-28-45-61 | T; R39/23/24/25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R68/20/21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 015-016-00-3 | tricresyl phosphate (m-m-m-, m-m-p-, m-p-p-, p-p-p-); tritolyl phosphate (m-m-m-, m-m-p-, m-p-p-, p-p-p-); | 201-105-6 | 78-32-0 | Xn; R21/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-51/53 S: (2-)28-61 | Xn; R21/22: C ≥ 5 % | C |
015-019-00-X | dichlorvos (ISO); 2,2-dichlorovinyl dimethyl phosphate | 200-547-7 | 62-73-7 | T+; R26 T; R24/25 R43 N; R50 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-43-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-020-00-5 | mevinphos (ISO); 2-methoxycarbonyl-1-methylvinyl dimethyl phosphate | 232-095-1 | 7786-34-7 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,0025 % N; R51-53: 0,00025 % ≤ C 015-021-00-0 | trichlorfon (ISO); dimethyl 2,2,2-trichloro-1-hydroxyethylphosphonate | 200-149-3 | 52-68-6 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-022-00-6 | phosphamidon (ISO); 2-chloro-2-diethylcarbamoyl-1-methylvinyl dimethyl phosphate | 236-116-5 | 13171-21-6 | T+; R28 T; R24 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-023-00-1 | pyrazoxon; diethyl 3-methylpyrazol-5-yl phosphate | — | 108-34-9 | T+; R26/27/28 | T+ R: 26/27/28 S: (1/2-)13-28-45 | | |
015-024-00-7 | triamiphos (ISO); 5-amino-3-phenyl-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl-N,N,N',N'-tetramethylphosphonic diamide | — | 1031-47-6 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)22-28-36/37-45 | | |
015-025-00-2 | TEPP (ISO); tetraethyl pyrophosphate | 203-495-3 | 107-49-3 | T+; R27/28 N; R50 | T+; N R: 27/28-50 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-38-45-61 | | |
015-026-00-8 | schradan (ISO); octamethylpyrophosphoramide | 205-801-0 | 152-16-9 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45 | | |
015-027-00-3 | sulfotep (ISO); O,O,O,O-tetraethyl dithiopyrophosphate | 222-995-2 | 3689-24-5 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-028-00-9 | demeton-O (ISO); O,O-diethyl-O-2-ethylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 206-053-8 | 298-03-3 | T+; R27/28 N; R50 | T+; N R: 27/28-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-029-00-4 | demeton-S (ISO); diethyl-S-2-ethylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 204-801-8 | 126-75-0 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
015-030-00-X | demeton-O-methyl (ISO); O-2-ethylthioethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 212-758-1 | 867-27-6 | T; R25 | T R: 25 S: (1/2-)24-36/37-45 | | |
015-031-00-5 | demeton-S-methyl (ISO); S-2-ethylthioethyl dimethyl phosphorothioate | 213-052-6 | 919-86-8 | T; R24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 24/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-032-00-0 | prothoate (ISO); O,O-diethyl isopropylcarbamoylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 218-893-2 | 2275-18-5 | T+; R27/28 R52-53 | T+ R: 27/28-52/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-033-00-6 | phorate (ISO); O,O-diethyl ethylthiomethyl phosphorodithioate | 206-052-2 | 298-02-2 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-034-00-1 | parathion (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-4-nitrophenyl phosphorothioate | 200-271-7 | 56-38-2 | T+; R26/28 T; R24-48/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-26/28-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-035-00-7 | parathion — methyl (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-4-nitrophenyl phosphorothioate | 206-050-1 | 298-00-0 | R5 R10 T+; R26/28 T; R24 Xn; R48/22 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 5-10-24-26/28-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-036-00-2 | O-ethyl O-4-nitrophenyl phenylphosphonothioate; EPN | 218-276-8 | 2104-64-5 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-037-00-8 | phenkapton (ISO); S-(2,5-dichlorophenylthiomethyl) O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 218-892-7 | 2275-14-1 | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-60-61 | | |
015-038-00-3 | coumaphos (ISO); O-3-chloro-4-methylcoumarin-7-yl O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 200-285-3 | 56-72-4 | T+; R28 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 21-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-039-00-9 | azinphos-methyl (ISO); O,O-dimethyl-4-oxobenzotriazin-3-ylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 201-676-1 | 86-50-0 | T+; R26/28 T; R24 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-26/28-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-040-00-4 | diazinon (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-2-isopropyl-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl phosphorothioate | 206-373-8 | 333-41-5 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24/25-60-61 | | |
015-041-00-X | malathion (ISO); 1,2-bis (ethoxycarbonyl) ethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 204-497-7 | 121-75-5 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-042-00-5 | chlorthion O-(3-chloro-4-nitrophenyl) O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 207-902-5 | 500-28-7 | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-043-00-0 | phosnichlor (ISO); O-4-chloro-3-nitrophenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | — | 5826-76-6 | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)13 | | |
015-044-00-6 | carbophenothion (ISO); 4-chlorophenylthiomethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 212-324-1 | 786-19-6 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-045-00-1 | mecarbam (ISO); N-ethoxycarbonyl-N-methylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 219-993-9 | 2595-54-2 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-046-00-7 | oxydemeton-methyl; S-2-(ethylsulphinyl)ethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 206-110-7 | 301-12-2 | T; R24/25 N; R50 | T; N R: 24/25-50 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-047-00-2 | ethion (ISO); O,O,O',O'-tetraethyl S,S'-methylenedi (phosphorodithioate); diethion | 209-242-3 | 563-12-2 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)25-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,0025 % N; R51-53: 0,00025 % ≤ C 015-048-00-8 | fenthion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl-O-(4-methylthion-m-tolyl) phosphorothioate | 200-231-9 | 55-38-9 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23-48/25 Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21/22-23-48/25-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-049-00-3 | endothion (ISO); S-5-methoxy-4-oxopyran-2-ylmethyl dimethyl phosphorothioate | 220-472-3 | 2778-04-3 | T; R24/25 | T R: 24/25 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
015-050-00-9 | thiometon (ISO); S-2-ethylthioethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 211-362-6 | 640-15-3 | T; R25 Xn; R21 | T R: 21-25 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
015-051-00-4 | dimethoate (ISO); O,O-dimethyl methylcarbamoylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 200-480-3 | 60-51-5 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
015-052-00-X | fenchlorphos (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-2,4,5-trichlorophenyl phosphorothioate | 206-082-6 | 299-84-3 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)25-36/37-60-61 | | |
015-053-00-5 | menazon (ISO); S-[(4,6-diamino-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)methyl] O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 201-123-4 | 78-57-9 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
015-054-00-0 | fenitrothion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-4-nitro-m-tolyl phosphorothioate | 204-524-2 | 122-14-5 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
015-055-00-6 | naled (ISO); 1,2-dibromo-2,2-dichloroethyl dimethyl phosphate | 206-098-3 | 300-76-5 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 21/22-36/38-50 S: (2-)36/37-61 | N; R50: C ≥ 0,025 % | |
015-056-00-1 | azinphos-ethyl (ISO); O,O-diethyl 4-oxobenzotriazin-3-ylmethyl phosphorodithioate | 220-147-6 | 2642-71-9 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-057-00-7 | formothion (ISO); N-formyl-N-methylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 219-818-6 | 2540-82-1 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
015-058-00-2 | morphothion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl-S-(morpholinocarbonylmethyl) phosphorodithioate | 205-628-0 | 144-41-2 | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-60-61 | | |
015-059-00-8 | vamidothion (ISO); O,O-dimethyl S-2-(1-methylcarbamoylethylthio) ethyl phosphorothioate | 218-894-8 | 2275-23-2 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50 | T; N R: 21-25-50 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
015-060-00-3 | disulfoton (ISO); O,O-diethyl 2-ethylthioethyl phosphorodithioate | 206-054-3 | 298-04-4 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-061-00-9 | dimefox (ISO); tetramethylphosphorodiamidic fluoride | 204-076-8 | 115-26-4 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)23-28-36/37-38-45 | | |
015-062-00-4 | mipafox (ISO); N,N'- di-isopropylphosphorodiamidic fluoride | 206-742-3 | 371-86-8 | T+; R39/26/27/28 | T+ R: 39/26/27/28 S: (1/2-)13-45 | | |
015-063-00-X | dioxathion (ISO); 1,4-dioxan-2,3-diyl-O,O,O',O'-tetraethyl di(phosphorodithioate) | 201-107-7 | 78-34-2 | T+; R26/28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-26/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-064-00-5 | bromophos-ethyl (ISO); O-4-bromo-2,5-dichlorophenyl O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 225-399-0 | 4824-78-6 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-065-00-0 | S-[2-(ethylsulphinyl)ethyl] O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | — | 2703-37-9 | T+; R26/27/28 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-51/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-61 | | |
015-066-00-6 | omethoate (ISO); O,O-dimethyl S-methylcarbamoylmethyl phosphorothioate | 214-197-8 | 1113-02-6 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50 | T; N R: 21-25-50 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-067-00-1 | phosalone (ISO); S-(6-chloro-2-oxobenzoxazolin-3-ylmethyl) O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 218-996-2 | 2310-17-0 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-068-00-7 | dichlofenthion (ISO); O-,4-dichlorophenyl O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 202-564-5 | 97-17-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
015-069-00-2 | methidathion (ISO); 2,3-dihydro-5-methoxy-2-oxo-1,3,4-thiadiazol-3-ylmethyl-O,O-dimethylphosphorodithioate | 213-449-4 | 950-37-8 | T+; R28 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 21-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-070-00-8 | cyanthoate (ISO); S-(N-(1-cyano-1-methylethyl)carbamoylmethyl) O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate | 223-099-4 | 3734-95-0 | T+; R28 T; R24 | T+ R: 24-28 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
015-071-00-3 | chlorfenvinphos (ISO); 2-chloro-1-(2,4 dichlorophenyl) vinyl diethyl phosphate | 207-432-0 | 470-90-6 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-072-00-9 | monocrotophos (ISO); dimethyl-1-methyl-2-(methylcarbamoyl)vinyl phosphate | 230-042-7 | 6923-22-4 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T+; R26/28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-26/28-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-073-00-4 | dicrotophos (ISO); (Z)-2-dimethylcarbamoyl-1-methylvinyl dimethyl phosphate | 205-494-3 | 141-66-2 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-074-00-X | crufomate (ISO); 4-tert-butyl-2-chlorophenyl methyl methylphosphoramidate | 206-083-1 | 299-86-5 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
015-075-00-5 | S-[2-(isopropylsulphinyl)ethyl] O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | — | 2635-50-9 | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)13-45 | | |
015-076-00-0 | potasan; O,O-diethyl O-(4-methylcoumarin-7-yl) phosphorothioate | — | 299-45-6 | T+; R26/27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-077-00-6 | 2,2-dichlorovinyl 2-ethylsulphinylethyl methyl phosphate | — | 7076-53-1 | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)13-45 | | |
015-078-00-1 | demeton-S-methylsulphon (ISO); S-2-ethylsulphonylethyl dimethyl phosphorothioate | 241-109-5 | 17040-19-6 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 21-25-51/53 S: (1/2-)22-28-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-079-00-7 | acephate (ISO); O,S-dimethyl acetylphosphoramidothioate | 250-241-2 | 30560-19-1 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)36 | | |
015-080-00-2 | amidithion (ISO); 2-methoxyethylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | — | 919-76-6 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24-36 | | |
015-081-00-8 | O,O,O',O'-tetrapropyl dithiopyrophosphate | 221-817-0 | 3244-90-4 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
015-082-00-3 | azothoate (ISO); O-4-(4-chlorophenylazo)phenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 227-419-3 | 5834-96-8 | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-)13 | | |
015-083-00-9 | bensulide (ISO); O,O-diisopropyl 2-phenylsulphonylaminoethyl phosphorodithioate | 212-010-4 | 741-58-2 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24-36-60-61 | | |
015-084-00-4 | chlorpyrifos (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridyl phosphorothioate | 220-864-4 | 2921-88-2 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,0025 % N; R51-53: 0,00025 % ≤ C 015-085-00-X | chlorphonium chloride (ISO); tributyl (2,4-dichlorobenzyl) phosphonium chloride | 204-105-4 | 115-78-6 | T; R25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36/38 | T R: 21-25-36/38 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45 | | |
015-086-00-5 | coumithoate (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-,8,9,10-tetrahydro-6-oxo-benzo(c)chromen-3-yl phosphorothioate | — | 572-48-5 | T; R25 | T R: 25 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
015-087-00-0 | cyanophos (ISO); O-4-cyanophenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 220-130-3 | 2636-26-2 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
015-088-00-6 | dialifos (ISO); 2-chloro-1-phthalimidoethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 233-689-3 | 10311-84-9 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-089-00-1 | ethoate-methyl (ISO); ethylcarbamoylmethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate | 204-121-1 | 116-01-8 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
015-090-00-7 | fensulfothion (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-4-methylsulfinylphenyl phosphorothioate | 204-114-3 | 115-90-2 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-091-00-2 | fonofos (ISO); O-ethyl phenyl ethylphosphonodithioate | 213-408-0 | 944-22-9 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-092-00-8 | phosacetim (ISO); O,O-bis(4-chlorophenyl) N-acetimidoylphosphoramidothioate | 223-874-7 | 4104-14-7 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-093-00-3 | leptophos (ISO); O-4-bromo-2,5-dichlorophenyl O-methyl phenylphosphorothioate | 244-472-8 | 21609-90-5 | T; R25-39/25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-39/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)25-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
015-094-00-9 | mephosfolan (ISO); diethyl 4-methyl-1,3-dithiolan-2-ylidenephosphoramidate | 213-447-3 | 950-10-7 | T+; R27/28 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-51/53 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45-61 | | |
015-095-00-4 | methamidophos (ISO); O,S-dimethyl phosphoramidothioate | 233-606-0 | 10265-92-6 | T+; R26/28 T; R24 N; R50 | T+; N R: 24-26/28-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-096-00-X | oxydisulfoton (ISO); O, O-diethyl S-2-ethylsulphinylethyl phosphorodithioate | 219-679-1 | 2497-07-6 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 015-097-00-5 | phenthoate (ISO); ethyl 2-(dimethoxyphosphinothioylthio)-2-phenylacetate | 219-997-0 | 2597-03-7 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-098-00-0 | trichloronate (ISO); O-ethyl O-2,4,5-trichlorophenyl ethylphosphonothioate | 206-326-1 | 327-98-0 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-099-00-6 | pirimiphos-ethyl (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-2-diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl phosphorothioate | 245-704-0 | 23505-41-1 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-100-00-X | phoxim (ISO); α-(diethoxyphosphinothioylimino) phenylacetonitrile | 238-887-3 | 14816-18-3 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)36-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-101-00-5 | phosmet (ISO); O,O-dimethyl phthalimidomethyl S-phosphorodithioate | 211-987-4 | 732-11-6 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-102-00-0 | tris(2-chloroethyl) phosphate | 204-118-5 | 115-96-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
015-103-00-6 | phosphorus tribromide | 232-178-2 | 7789-60-8 | R14 C; R34 Xi; R37 | C R: 14-34-37 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
015-104-00-1 | diphosphorus pentasulphide; phosphorus pentasulphide | 215-242-4 | 1314-80-3 | F; R11 R29 Xn; R20/22 N; R50 | F; Xn; N R: 11-20/22-29-50 S: (2-)61 | | |
015-105-00-7 | triphenyl phosphite | 202-908-4 | 101-02-0 | Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-50/53 S: (2-)28-60-61 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 5 % | |
015-106-00-2 | hexamethylphosphoric triamide; hexamethylphosphoramide | 211-653-8 | 680-31-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
015-107-00-8 | ethoprophos (ISO); ethyl-S,S-dipropyl phosphorodithioate | 236-152-1 | 13194-48-4 | T+; R26/27 T; R25 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 25-26/27-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)27/28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
015-108-00-3 | bromophos (ISO); O-4-bromo-2,5-dichlorophenyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 218-277-3 | 2104-96-3 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-) 46-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-109-00-9 | crotoxyphos (ISO); 1-phenylethyl 3-(dimethoxyphosphinyloxy) isocrotonate | 231-720-5 | 7700-17-6 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 015-110-00-4 | cyanofenphos (ISO); O-4-cyanophenyl O-ethyl phenylphosphonothioate | — | 13067-93-1 | T; R25-39/25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 21-25-36-39/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
015-111-00-X | phosfolan (ISO); diethyl 1,3-dithiolan-2-ylidenephosphoramidate | 213-423-2 | 947-02-4 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
015-112-00-5 | thionazin (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-pyrazin-2-yl phosphorothioate; | 206-049-6 | 297-97-2 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-38-45 | | |
015-114-00-6 | chlormephos (ISO); S-chloromethyl O,O-diethyl phosphorodithioate | 246-538-1 | 24934-91-6 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-115-00-1 | chlorthiophos (ISO) | 244-663-6 | 21923-23-9 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-116-00-7 | demephion-O (ISO); O,O-dimethyl O-2-methylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 211-666-9 | 682-80-4 | T+; R28 T; R24 | T+ R: 24-28 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
015-117-00-2 | demephion-S (ISO); O,O-dimethyl S-2-methylthioethyl phosphorothioate | 219-971-9 | 2587-90-8 | T+; R28 T; R24 | T+ R: 24-28 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
015-118-00-8 | demeton | — | 8065-48-3 | T+; R27/28 N; R50 | T+; N R: 27/28-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
015-119-00-3 | dimethyl 4-(methylthio)phenyl phosphate | — | 3254-63-5 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
015-120-00-9 | ditalimfos (ISO); O,O-diethyl phthalimidophosphonothioate; | 225-875-8 | 5131-24-8 | Xi; R38 R43 | Xi R: 38-43 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
015-121-00-4 | edifenphos (ISO); O-ethyl S,S-diphenyl phosphorodithioate | 241-178-1 | 17109-49-8 | T; R23/25 Xn; R21 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-23/25-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-122-00-X | etrimfos (ISO); O-6-ethoxy-2-ethylpyrimidin-4-yl O,O-dimethylphosphorothioate; | 253-855-9 | 38260-54-7 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 015-123-00-5 | fenamiphos (ISO); ethyl-4-methylthio-m-tolyl isopropyl phosphoramidate | 244-848-1 | 22224-92-6 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-124-00-0 | fosthietan (ISO); diethyl 1,3-dithietan-2-ylidenephosphoramidate; | 244-437-7 | 21548-32-3 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
015-125-00-6 | glyphosine (ISO); N,N-bis(phosphonomethyl)glycine | 219-468-4 | 2439-99-8 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26 | | |
015-126-00-1 | heptenophos (ISO); 7-chlorobicyclo(3.2.0)hepta-2,6-dien-6-yl dimethyl phosphate | 245-737-0 | 23560-59-0 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-28-37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-127-00-7 | iprobenfos (ISO); S-benzyl diisopropyl phosphorothioate | 247-449-0 | 26087-47-8 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
015-128-00-2 | IPSP; S-ethylsulphinylmethyl O,O-diisopropylphosphorodithioate | — | 5827-05-4 | T+; R27 T; R25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 25-27-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-129-00-8 | isofenphos (ISO); O-ethyl O-2-isopropoxycarbonylphenyl-isopropylphosphoramidothioate | 246-814-1 | 25311-71-1 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-130-00-3 | isothioate (ISO) S-2-isopropylthioethyl O,O-dimethyl phosphorodithioate; | — | 36614-38-7 | T; R24/25 | T R: 24/25 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
015-131-00-9 | isoxathion (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-5-phenylisoxazol-3-ylphosphorothioate | 242-624-8 | 18854-01-8 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-132-00-4 | S-(chlorophenylthiomethyl) O,O-dimethylphosphorodithioate; methylcarbophenothione | — | 953-17-3 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-133-00-X | piperophos (ISO); S-2-methylpiperidinocarbonylmethyl-O,O-dipropyl phosphorodithioate | — | 24151-93-7 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 015-134-00-5 | pirimiphos-methyl (ISO); O-(2-diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl) O,O-dimethyl phosphorothioate | 249-528-5 | 29232-93-7 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
015-135-00-0 | profenofos (ISO); O-(4-bromo-2-chlorophenyl) O-ethyl S-propyl phosphorothioate | 255-255-2 | 41198-08-7 | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-136-00-6 | trans-isopropyl-3-[[(ethylamino)methoxyfosfinothioyl]oxy]crotonate; isopropyl 3-[[(ethylamino)methoxyphosphinothioyl]oxy]isocrotonate; propetamphos (ISO) | 250-517-2 | 31218-83-4 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 015-137-00-1 | pyrazophos (ISO); O,O-diethyl O-(6-ethoxycarbonyl-5-methylpyrazolo[2,3-a]pyrimidin-2-yl) phosphorothioate | 236-656-1 | 13457-18-6 | Xn; R20/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
015-138-00-7 | quinalphos (ISO); O,O-diethyl-O-quinoxalin-2-yl phosphorothioate | 237-031-6 | 13593-03-8 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-139-00-2 | terbufos (ISO) S-tert-butylthiomethyl O,O-diethylphosphorodithioate; | 235-963-8 | 13071-79-9 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 015-140-00-8 | triazophos (ISO); O,O-diethyl-O-1-phenyl-1H,2,4-triazol-3-yl phosphorothioate | 245-986-5 | 24017-47-8 | T; R23/25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
015-141-00-3 | ethylenediammonium O,O-bis(octyl) phosphorodithioate, mixed isomers | 400-520-1 | — | C; R34 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)24/25-26-28-39-45-60-61 | | |
015-142-00-9 | butyl (dialkyloxy(dibutoxyphosphoryloxy))titanium (trialkyloxy)titanium phosphate | 401-100-0 | — | F; R11 Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | F; Xi; N R: 11-36-51/53 S: (2-)7/9-16-26-43-61 | | |
015-143-00-4 | reaction mass of 2-chloroethyl chloropropyl 2-chloroethylphosphonate, mixture reaction mass of isomers and 2-chloroethyl chloropropyl 2-chloropropylphosphonate, reaction mass of isomers | 401-740-0 | — | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
015-144-00-X | reaction mass of pentyl methylphosphinate and 2-methylbutyl methylphosphinate | 402-090-0 | 87025-52-3 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-145-00-5 | reaction mass of copper(I) O,O-diisopropyl phosphorodithioate and copper(I) O-isopropyl O-(4-methylpent-2-yl) phosphorodithioate and copper(I) O,O-bis(4-methylpent-2-yl) phosphorodithioate | 401-520-4 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
015-146-00-0 | S-(tricyclo(5.2.1.02,6)deca-3-en-8(or 9)-yl O-(isopropyl or isobutyl or 2-ethylhexyl) O-(isopropyl or isobutyl or 2-ethylhexyl) phosphorodithioate | 401-850-9 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
015-147-00-6 | reaction mass of C12-14-tert-alkylammonium diphenyl phosphorothioate and dinonyl sulphide (or disulphide) | 400-930-0 | — | Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 R43 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
015-148-00-1 | 2-(diphosphonomethyl)succinic acid | 403-070-4 | 51395-42-7 | C; R34 R43 | C R: 34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-149-00-7 | reaction mass of: hexyldioctylphosphineoxide; dihexyloctylphosphineoxide; trioctylphosphineoxide | 403-470-9 | — | C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
015-150-00-2 | (2-(1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)ethyl)triphenylphosphonium bromide | 404-940-6 | 86608-70-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R33 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-33-41-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
015-151-00-8 | tris(isopropyl/tert-butylphenyl) phosphate | 405-010-2 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
015-152-00-3 | dioxabenzofos (ISO); 2-methoxy-4H-1,3,2-benzodioxaphosphorin 2-sulphide; | 223-292-3 | 3811-49-2 | T; R24/25-39/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 24/25-39/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45-61 | | |
015-153-00-9 | isazofos (ISO); O-(5-chloro-1-isopropyl-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl) O,O-diethyl phosphorothioate; | 255-863-8 | 42509-80-8 | T+; R26 T; R24/25 Xn; R48/20 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-43-48/20-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-38-45-59-61 | | |
015-154-00-4 | 2-chloroethylphosphonic acid; ethephon | 240-718-3 | 16672-87-0 | Xn; R20/21 C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 20/21-34-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 015-155-00-X | ammonium 2-amino-4-(hydroxymethylphosphinyl)butyrate; glufosinate ammonium | 278-636-5 | 77182-82-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
015-156-00-5 | methyl 3-[(dimethoxyphosphinothioyl)oxy]methacrylate; [1] methacrifos (ISO); methyl (E)-3-[(dimethoxyphosphinothioyl)oxy]methacrylate [2] | 250-366-9 [1] - [2] | 30864-28-9 [1] 62610-77-9 [2] | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
015-157-00-0 | phosphonic acid; [1] phosphorous acid [2] | 237-066-7 [1] 233-663-1 [2] | 13598-36-2 [1] 10294-56-1 [2] | Xn; R22 C; R35 | C R: 22-35 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-158-00-6 | (η-cyclopentadienyl)(η-cumenyl)iron(1+)hexafluorophosphate(1-) | 402-340-9 | 32760-80-8 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
015-159-00-1 | hydroxyphosphonoacetic acid | 405-710-8 | 23783-26-8 | Xn; R22-48/22 C; R34 R43 | C R: 22-34-43-48/22 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-160-00-7 | vanadyl pyrophosphate | 406-260-5 | 58834-75-6 | Xi; R36 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
015-161-00-2 | divanadyl pyrophosphate | 407-130-0 | 65232-89-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
015-162-00-8 | vanadium(IV) oxide hydrogen phosphate hemihydrate, lithium, zinc, molybdenum, iron and chlorine-doped | 407-350-7 | — | Xn; R20-48/22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20-41-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/39-61 | | |
015-163-00-3 | bis(2,6-dimethoxybenzoyl)-2,4,4-trimethylpentylphosphinoxide | 412-010-6 | 145052-34-2 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
015-164-00-9 | calcium P,P'-(1-hydroxyethylene)bis(hydrogen phosphonate)dihydrate | 400-480-5 | 36669-85-9 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
015-165-00-4 | reaction mass of: thiobis(4,1-phenylene)-S,S,S',S'-tetraphenyldisulfonium bishexafluorophosphate; diphenyl(4-phenylthiophenyl)sulfonium hexafluorophosphate | 404-986-7 | — | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)15-26-39-60-61 | | |
015-166-00-X | 3,9-bis(2,6-di-tert-butyl-4-methylphenoxy)-2,4,8,10-tetraoxa-3,9-diphosphaspiro[5.5]undecane | 410-290-4 | 80693-00-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
015-167-00-5 | 3-(hydroxyphenylphosphinyl)propanoic acid | 411-200-6 | 14657-64-8 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
015-168-00-0 | fosthiazate (ISO); (RS)-S-sec-butyl-O-ethyl-2-oxo-1,3-thiazolidin-3-ylphosphonothioate | — | 98886-44-3 | T; R23/25-39 Xn; R21 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-23/25-39-41-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)53-45-25-26-39-60-61 | | |
015-169-00-6 | tributyltetradecylphosphonium tetrafluoroborate | 413-520-1 | — | Xn; R22-48/22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
015-170-00-1 | reaction mass of: di-(1-octane-N,N,N-trimethylammonium) octylphosphate; 1-octane-N,N,N-trimethylammonium di-octylphosphate; 1-octane-N,N,N-trimethylammonium octylphosphate | 407-490-9 | — | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | C R: 21/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
015-171-00-7 | O,O,O-tris(2(or 4)-C9-10-isoalkylphenyl) phosphorothioate | 406-940-1 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
015-172-00-2 | reaction mass of: bis(isotridecylammonium)mono(di-(4-methylpent-2-yloxy)thiophosphorothionylisopropyl)phosphate; isotridecylammonium bis(di-(4-methylpent-2-yloxy)thiophosphorothionylisopropyl)phosphate | 406-240-6 | — | R10 C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 10-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
015-173-00-8 | methyl [2-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-6-methoxypyrimidin-4-yl]ethylphosphonothioate | 414-080-3 | 117291-73-3 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)23-36-60-61 | | |
015-174-00-3 | 1-chloro-N,N-diethyl-1,1-diphenyl-1-(phenylmethyl)phosphoramine | 411-370-1 | 82857-68-9 | T; R25 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 25-41-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-37/39-41-45-61 | | |
015-175-00-9 | tert-butyl (triphenylphosphoranylidene) acetate | 412-880-7 | 35000-38-5 | T; R25 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R36 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 25-36-43-48/22-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
015-176-00-4 | P,P,P',P'-tetrakis-(o-methoxyphenyl)propane-1,3-diphosphine | 413-430-2 | 116163-96-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
015-177-00-X | ((4-phenylbutyl)hydroxyphosphoryl)acetic acid | 412-170-7 | 83623-61-4 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 R43 | Xn R: 41-43-48/22 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
015-178-00-5 | (R)-α-phenylethylammonium (-)-(1R, 2S)-(1,2-epoxypropyl)phosphonate monohydrate | 418-570-8 | 25383-07-7 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 62-51/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
015-179-00-0 | UVCB condensation product of: tetrakis-hydroxymethylphosphonium chloride, urea and distilled hydrogenated C16-18 tallow alkylamine | 422-720-8 | 166242-53-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22-48/22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-40-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
015-180-00-6 | [R-(R*,S*)]-[[2-methyl-1-(1-oxopropoxy)propoxy]-(4-phenylbutyl)phosphinyl] acetic acid, (-)-cinchonidine (1:1) salt | 415-820-8 | 137590-32-0 | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
015-181-00-1 | phosphine | 232-260-8 | 7803-51-2 | F+; R12 R17 T+; R26 C; R34 N; R50 | F+; T+; N R: 12-17-26-34-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61-63 | | |
015-184-00-8 | Salts of glyphosate, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | A |
015-186-00-9 | chlorpyrifos-methyl (ISO), O, O-dimethyl O-3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridyl phosphorothioate | 227-011-5 | 5598-13-0 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,0025 % N; R51-53: 0,00025 % ≤ C 015-187-00-4 | reaction mass of: tetrasodium(((2-hydroxyethyl)imino)bis(methylene))bisphosphonate, N-oxide; trisodium ((tetrahydro-2-hydroxy-4H-1,4,2-oxazaphosphorin-4-yl)-methyl)phosphonate, N-oxide, P-oxide | 417-540-1 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
015-189-00-5 | phenyl bis(2,4,6-trimethylbenzoyl)-phosphine oxide | 423-340-5 | 162881-26-7 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
016-001-00-4 | hydrogen sulphide | 231-977-3 | 7783-06-4 | F+; R12 T+; R26 N; R50 | F+; T+; N R: 12-26-50 S: (1/2-)9-16-36-38-45-61 | | |
016-002-00-X | barium sulphide | 244-214-4 | 21109-95-5 | R31 Xn; R20/22 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 20/22-31-50 S: (2-)28-61 | | |
016-003-00-5 | barium polysulphides | 256-814-3 | 50864-67-0 | R31 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | Xi; N R: 31-36/37/38-50 S: (2-)28-61 | | |
016-004-00-0 | calcium sulphide | 243-873-5 | 20548-54-3 | R31 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | Xi; N R: 31-36/37/38-50 S: (2-)28-61 | | |
016-005-00-6 | calcium polysulphides | 215-709-2 | 1344-81-6 | R31 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | Xi; N R: 31-36/37/38-50 S: (2-)28-61 | | |
016-006-00-1 | dipotassium sulphide; potassium sulphide | 215-197-0 | 1312-73-8 | R31 C; R34 N; R50 | C; N R: 31-34-50 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | | |
016-007-00-7 | potassium polysulphides | 253-390-1 | 37199-66-9 | R31 C; R34 N; R50 | C; N R: 31-34-50 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | | |
016-008-00-2 | ammonium polysulphides | 232-989-1 | 9080-17-5 | R31 C; R34 N; R50 | C; N R: 31-34-50 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 5 % Xi; R36/38: 1 % ≤ C 016-009-00-8 | disodium sulphide; sodium sulphide | 215-211-5 | 1313-82-2 | R31 C; R34 N; R50 | C; N R: 31-34-50 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | | |
016-010-00-3 | sodium polysulphides | 215-686-9 | 1344-08-7 | T; R25 R31 C; R34 N; R50 | T; N R: 25-31-34-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
016-011-00-9 | sulphur dioxide | 231-195-2 | 7446-09-5 | T; R23 C; R34 | T R: 23-34 S: (1/2-)9-26-36/37/39-45 | T; R23: C ≥ 20 % Xn; R20: 5 % ≤ C 016-012-00-4 | disulphur dichloride; sulfur monochloride | 233-036-2 | 10025-67-9 | R14 T; R25 Xn; R20 R29 C; R35 N; R50 | T; C; N R: 14-20-25-29-35-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 016-013-00-X | sulphur dichloride | 234-129-0 | 10545-99-0 | R14 C; R34 Xi; R37 N; R50 | C; N R: 14-34-37-50 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | | |
016-014-00-5 | sulphur tetrachloride | — | 13451-08-6 | R14 C; R34 N; R50 | C; N R: 14-34-50 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 016-015-00-0 | thionyl dichloride; thionyl chloride | 231-748-8 | 7719-09-7 | R14 Xn; R20/22 R29 C; R35 | C R: 14-20/22-29-35 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 016-016-00-6 | sulphuryl chloride | 232-245-6 | 7791-25-5 | R14 C; R34 Xi; R37 | C R: 14-34-37 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
016-017-00-1 | chlorosulphonic acid | 232-234-6 | 7790-94-5 | R14 C; R35 Xi; R37 | C R: 14-35-37 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
016-018-00-7 | fluorosulphonic acid | 232-149-4 | 7789-21-1 | Xn; R20 C; R35 | C R: 20-35 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
016-019-00-2 | oleum ... % SO3 | — | — | R14 C; R35 Xi; R37 | C R: 14-35-37 S: (1/2-)26-30-45 | | B |
016-020-00-8 | sulphuric acid ... % | 231-639-5 | 7664-93-9 | C; R35 | C R: 35 S: (1/2-)26-30-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 15 % Xi; R36/38: 5 % ≤ C 016-021-00-3 | methanethiol; methyl mercaptan | 200-822-1 | 74-93-1 | F+; R12 T; R23 N; R50-53 | F+; T; N R: 12-23-50/53 S: (2-)16-25-60-61 | | |
016-022-00-9 | ethanethiol; ethyl mercaptan | 200-837-3 | 75-08-1 | F; R11 Xn; R20 N; R50-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-20-50/53 S: (2-)16-25-60-61 | | |
016-023-00-4 | dimethyl sulphate | 201-058-1 | 77-78-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T+; R26 T; R25 C; R34 R43 | T+ R: 45-25-26-34-43-68 S: 53-45 | Car. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % Muta. Cat. 3, R68: C ≥ 0,01 % C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 016-024-00-X | dimexano (ISO); bis(methoxythiocarbonyl) disulphide | 215-993-8 | 1468-37-7 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
016-025-00-5 | disul (ISO); 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)ethyl hydrogensulphate; 2,4-DES | 205-259-5 | 149-26-8 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 | Xn R: 22-38-41 S: (2-)26 | | |
016-026-00-0 | sulphamidic acid; sulphamic acid; sulfamic acid | 226-218-8 | 5329-14-6 | Xi; R36/38 R52-53 | Xi R: 36/38-52/53 S: (2-)26-28-61 | | |
016-027-00-6 | diethyl sulphate | 200-589-6 | 64-67-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R34 | T R: 45-46-20/21/22-34 S: 53-45 | | E |
016-028-00-1 | sodium dithionite; sodium hydrosulphite | 231-890-0 | 7775-14-6 | R7 R31 Xn; R22 | Xn R: 7-22-31 S: (2-)7/8-26-28-43 | | |
016-029-00-7 | p-toluenesulphonic acid, containing more than 5 % H2SO4 | — | — | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R36/38: 10 % ≤ C 016-030-00-2 | p-toluenesulphonic acid (containing a maximum of 5 % H2SO4) | 203-180-0 | 104-15-4 | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)26-37 | | |
016-031-00-8 | tetrahydrothiophene-1,1-dioxide; sulpholane | 204-783-1 | 126-33-0 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)25 | | |
016-032-00-3 | 1,3-propanesultone; 1,2-oxathiolane 2,2-dioxide | 214-317-9 | 1120-71-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R21/22 | T R: 45-21/22 S: 53-45 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | E |
016-033-00-9 | dimethylsulfamoylchloride | 236-412-4 | 13360-57-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T+; R26 Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | T+ R: 45-21/22-26-34 S: 53-45 | | E |
016-034-00-4 | tetrasodium 3,3'-(piperazine-1,4-diylbis((6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diyl)imino(2-acetamido)-4,1-phenyleneazo))bis(naphthalene-1,5-disulphonate) | 400-010-9 | 81898-60-4 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
016-035-00-X | pentasodium 5-anilino-3-(4-(4-(6-chloro-4-(3-sulphonatoanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2,5-dimethylphenylazo)-2,5-disulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulphonate | 400-120-7 | — | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)22-26 | | |
016-036-00-5 | tetrasodium 5-(4,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-2,3-azodinaphthalene-1,2,5,7-disulphonate | 400-130-1 | — | R42 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 42-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
016-037-00-0 | disodium 1-amino-4-(4-benzenesulphonamido-3-sulphonatoanilino)anthraquinone-2-sulphonate | 400-350-8 | 85153-93-1 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
016-038-00-6 | disodium 6-((4-chloro-6-(N-methyl)-2-toluidino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-1-hydroxy-2-(4-methoxy-2-sulphonatophenylazo)naphthalene-3-sulphonate | 400-380-1 | 86393-35-3 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
016-039-00-1 | tetrasodium 2-(6-chloro-4-(4-(2,5-dimethyl-4-(2,5-disulphonatophenylazo)phenylazo)-3-ureidoanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)benzene-1,4-disulphonate | 400-430-2 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
016-040-00-7 | reaction mass of disodium 6-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)-3-(4-(4-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)anilino)-3-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulphonate and disodium 6-(2,4-diaminophenylazo)-3-(4-(4-(2,4-diaminophenylazo)anilino)-3-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulphonate and trisodium 6-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)-3-(4-(4-(7-(2,4-dihydroxyphenylazo)-1-hydroxy-3-sulphonato-2-naphthylazo)anilino)-3-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulphonate | 400-570-4 | — | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)26 | | |
016-041-00-2 | calcium 2,5-dichloro-4-(4-((5-chloro-4-methyl-2-sulphonatophenyl)azo)-5-hydroxy-3-methylpyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulphonate | 400-710-4 | — | Xn; R20 | Xn R: 20 S: (2-) | | |
016-042-00-8 | tetrasodium 5-benzamido-3-(5-(4-fluoro-6-(1-sulphonato-2-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7- disulphonate | 400-790-0 | 85665-97-0 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)22-24/25-37 | | |
016-043-00-3 | dilithium 6-acetamido-4-hydroxy-3-(4-((2-sulphonatooxy)ethylsulphonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2-sulphonate | 401-010-1 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
016-044-00-9 | disodium S,S-hexane-1,6-diyldi(thiosulphate) dihydrate | 401-320-7 | — | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
016-045-00-4 | lithium sodium hydrogen 4-amino-6-(5-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)-2-sulphonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-(sulphonatooxy)ethylsulphonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulphonate | 401-560-2 | 108624-00-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
016-046-00-X | sodium hydrogensulphate | 231-665-7 | 7681-38-1 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)24-26 | | |
016-047-00-5 | hexasodium 7-(4-(4-(4-(2,5-disulphonatoanilino)-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-methylphenylazo)-7-sulphonatonaphthylazo)naphthalene-1,3,5- trisulphonate | 401-650-1 | 85665-96-9 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
016-048-00-0 | sodium 3,5-dichloro-2-(5-cyano-2,6-bis(3-hydroxypropylamino)-4-methylpyridin-3-ylazo)benzenesulphonate | 401-870-8 | — | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
016-049-00-6 | calcium octadecylxylenesulphonate | 402-040-8 | — | C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
016-050-00-1 | potassium sodium 5-(4-chloro-6-(N-(4-(4-chloro-6-(5-hydroxy-2,7-disulphonato-6-(2-sulphonatophenylazo)-4-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino) phenyl-N-methyl)amino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-(2-sulphonatophenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulphonat | 402-150-6 | — | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37 | | |
016-051-00-7 | trisodium 7-(4-(6-fluoro-4-(2-(2-vinylsulphonylethoxy)ethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-ureidophenylazo)naphthalene-1,3,6- trisulphonate | 402-170-5 | 106359-91-5 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
016-052-00-2 | benzyltributylammonium 4-hydroxynaphthalene-1-sulphonate | 402-240-5 | 102561-46-6 | Xn; R20 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
016-053-00-8 | (C16 or C18-n-alkyl)(C16 or C18-n-alkyl)ammonium 2-((C16 or C18-n-alkyl)(C16 or C18-n-alkyl)carbamoyl)benzenesulphonate | 402-460-1 | — | Xi; R38 R43 R53 | Xi R: 38-43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
016-054-00-3 | sodium 4-(2,4,4-trimethylpentylcarbonyloxy)benzenesulfonate | 400-030-8 | — | T; R23-48/23 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37 R43 | T R: 22-23-36/37-43-48/23 S: (1/2-)22-24-36-45 | | |
016-055-00-9 | tetrasodium 4-amino-3,6-bis(5-(6-chloro-4-(2-hydroxyethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-sulfonate (containing > 35 % sodium chloride and sodium acetate) | 400-510-7 | — | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
016-056-00-4 | potassium hydrogensulphate | 231-594-1 | 7646-93-7 | C; R34 Xi; R37 | C R: 34-37 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
016-057-00-X | styrene-4-sulfonyl chloride | 404-770-2 | 2633-67-2 | Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xi R: 38-41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
016-058-00-5 | thionyl chloride, reaction products with 1,3,4-thiadiazol-2,5-dithiol, tert-nonanethiol and C12-14-tert-alkylamine | 404-820-3 | — | Xi; R38 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-43-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
016-059-00-0 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyldithiobis(ethylene)diamine dihydrochloride | 405-300-9 | 17339-60-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-43-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-60-61 | | |
016-060-00-6 | diammonium peroxodisulphate; ammonium persulphate | 231-786-5 | 7727-54-0 | O; R8 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 R42/43 | O; Xn R: 8-22-36/37/38-42/43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37 | | |
016-061-00-1 | dipotassium peroxodisulphate; potassium persulphate | 231-781-8 | 7727-21-1 | O; R8 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 R42/43 | O; Xn R: 8-22-36/37/38-42/43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37 | | |
016-062-00-7 | bensultap (ISO); 1,3-bis(phenylsulfonylthio)-2-(N,N-dimethylamino)propane | — | 17606-31-4 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
016-063-00-2 | sodium metabisulphite | 231-673-0 | 7681-57-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R31 | Xn R: 22-31-41 S: (2-)26-39-46 | | |
016-064-00-8 | sodium hydrogensulphite … %; sodium bisulphite … % | 231-548-0 | 7631-90-5 | Xn; R22 R31 | Xn R: 22-31 S: (2-)25-46 | | B |
016-065-00-3 | sodium 1-amino-4-[2-methyl-5-(4-methylphenylsulfonylamino)phenylamino]anthraquinone-2-sulfonate | 400-100-8 | 84057-97-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
016-066-00-9 | tetrasodium [5-((4-amino-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino)-2-((2-hydroxy-3,5-disulfonatophenylazo)-2- sulfonatobenzylidenehydrazino)benzoate]copper(II) | 404-070-7 | 116912-62-0 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
016-067-00-4 | (4-methylphenyl)mesitylene sulfonate | 407-530-5 | 67811-06-7 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
016-068-00-X | sodium 3,5-bis(tetradecyloxycarbonyl)benzenesulfinate | 407-720-8 | 155160-86-4 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
016-069-00-5 | 3,5-bis-(tetradecyloxycarbonyl)benzenesulfinic acid | 407-990-7 | 141915-64-2 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
016-070-00-0 | 4-benzyloxy-4'-(2,3-epoxy-2-methylprop-1-yloxy)diphenylsulfone | 408-220-2 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
016-071-00-6 | trisodium 3-amino-6,13-dichloro-10-((3-((4-chloro-6-(2-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino)propyl) amino)-4,11-triphenoxydioxazinedisulfonate | 410-130-3 | 136248-03-8 | R43 | Xi R: - 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
016-072-00-1 | 3-amino-4-hydroxy-N-(2-methoxyethyl)-benzenesulfonamide | 411-520-6 | 112195-27-4 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
016-073-00-7 | tetrakis(phenylmethyl)thioperoxydi(carbothioamide) | 404-310-0 | 10591-85-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
016-074-00-2 | 6-fluoro-2-methyl-3-(4-methylthiobenzyl)indene | 405-410-7 | — | Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
016-075-00-8 | 2,2'-diallyl-4,4'-sulfonyldiphenol | 411-570-9 | 41481-66-7 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
016-076-00-3 | 2,3-bis((2-mercaptoethyl)thio)-1-propanethiol | 411-290-7 | 131538-00-6 | Xn; R22-48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)23-24/25-36-60-61 | | |
016-077-00-9 | 2-chloro-p-toluenesulfochloride | 412-890-1 | 42413-03-6 | C; R34 R43 R52-53 | C R: 34-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
016-078-00-4 | 4-methyl-N,N-bis(2-(((4-methylphenyl)sulfonyl)amino)ethyl)benzenesulfonamide | 413-300-5 | 56187-04-3 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
016-079-00-X | N,N-bis(2-(p-toluenesulfonyloxy)ethyl)-p-toluenesulfonamide | 412-920-3 | 16695-22-0 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
016-080-00-5 | sodium 2-anilino-5-(2-nitro-4-(N-phenylsulfamoyl))anilinobenzenesulfonate | 412-320-1 | 31361-99-6 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
016-081-00-0 | hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyrrole-1-(1H)-ammonium N-ethoxycarbonyl-N-(p-tolylsulfonyl)azanide | 418-350-1 | — | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-43-68-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-61 | | |
016-082-00-6 | ethoxysulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-(2-ethoxyphenoxysulfonyl)urea | — | 126801-58-9 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
016-083-00-1 | acibenzolar-S-methyl; benzo[1,2,3]thiadiazole-7-carbothioic acid S-methyl ester | 420-050-0 | 135158-54-2 | Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24/25-37-46-59-60-61 | | |
016-084-00-7 | prosulfuron; 1-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-3-[2-(3,3,3-trifluoropropyl)phenylsulfonyl]urea | — | 94125-34-5 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
016-085-00-2 | flazasulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-(3-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridylsulfonyl)urea | — | 104040-78-0 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
016-086-00-8 | tetrasodium 10-amino-6,13-dichloro-3-(3-(4-(2,5-disulfonatoanilino)-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)prop-3-ylamino)-5,12-dioxa-7,14-diazapentacene-4,11-disulfonate | 402-590-9 | 109125-56-6 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)22-26-39 | | |
016-087-00-3 | reaction mass of: thiobis(4,1-phenylene)-S,S,S',S'-tetraphenyldisulfonium bishexafluorophosphate; diphenyl(4-phenylthiophenyl)sulfonium hexafluorophosphate; propylene carbonate | 403-490-8 | 104558-95-4 | Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-60-61 | | |
016-088-00-9 | 4-(bis(4-(diethylamino)phenyl)methyl)benzene-1,2-dimethanesulfonic acid | 407-280-7 | 71297-11-5 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
016-089-00-4 | reaction mass of esters of 5,5',6,6',7,7'-hexahydroxy-3,3,3',3'-tetramethyl-1,1'-spirobiindan and 2-diazo-1,2-dihydro-1-oxo-5-sulfonaphthalene | 413-840-1 | — | E; R2 F; R11 R53 | E R: 2-11-53 S: (2-)33-35-40-61 | | |
016-090-00-X | 4-methyl-N-(methylsulfonyl)benzenesulfonamide | 415-040-8 | 14653-91-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37-41 | Xn R: 22-37-41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
016-091-00-5 | C12-14-tert-alkyl ammonium 1-amino-9,10-dihydro-9,10-dioxo-4-(2,4,6-trimethylanilino)-anthracen-2-sulfonate | 414-110-5 | — | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
016-093-00-6 | reaction mass of: 4-(7-hydroxy-2,4,4-trimethyl-2-chromanyl)resorcinol-4-yl-tris(6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxonaphthalen-1-sulfonate); 4-(7-hydroxy-2,4,4-trimethyl-2-chromanyl)resorcinolbis(6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxonaphthalen-1-sulfonate) (2:1) | 414-770-4 | 140698-96-0 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | F; Xn R: 11-40 S: (2-)7-36/37 | | |
016-095-00-7 | reaction mass of: reaction product of 4,4'-methylenebis[2-(4-hydroxybenzyl)-3,6-dimethylphenol] and 6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-naphthalenesulfonate (1:2); Reaction product of 4,4'-methylenebis[2-(4-hydroxybenzyl)-3,6-dimethylphenol] and 6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-naphthalenesulfonate (1:3) | 417-980-4 | — | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | F; Xn R: 11-40 S: (2-)7-36/37 | | |
016-096-00-2 | thifensulfuron-methyl (ISO); methyl 3-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylcarbamoylsulfamoyl)thiophene-2-carboxylate | — | 79277-27-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
017-001-00-7 | chlorine | 231-959-5 | 7782-50-5 | T; R23 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | T; N R: 23-36/37/38-50 S: (1/2-)9-45-61 | | |
017-002-00-2 | hydrogen chloride | 231-595-7 | 7647-01-0 | T; R23 C; R35 | T; C R: 23-35 S: (1/2-)9-26-36/37/39-45 | | 5 |
017-002-01-X | hydrochloric acid ... % | 231-595-7 | — | C; R34 Xi; R37 | C R: 34-37 S: (1/2-)26-45 | C; R34-37: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R36/37/38: 10 % ≤ C 017-003-00-8 | barium chlorate | 236-760-7 | 13477-00-4 | O; R9 Xn; R20/22 N; R51-53 | O; Xn; N R: 9-20/22-51/53 S: (2-)13-27-61 | | |
017-004-00-3 | potassium chlorate | 223-289-7 | 3811-04-9 | O; R9 Xn; R20/22 N; R51-53 | O; Xn; N R: 9-20/22-51/53 S: (2-)13-16-27-61 | | |
017-005-00-9 | sodium chlorate | 231-887-4 | 7775-09-9 | O; R9 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | O; Xn; N R: 9-22-51/53 S: (2-)13-17-46-61 | | |
017-006-00-4 | perchloric acid ... % | 231-512-4 | 7601-90-3 | R5 O; R8 C; R35 | O; C R: 5-8-35 S: (1/2-)23-26-36-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 50 % C; R34: 10 % ≤ C 50 % | B |
017-007-00-X | barium perchlorate | 236-710-4 | 13465-95-7 | O; R9 Xn; R20/22 | O; Xn R: 9-20/22 S: (2-)27 | | |
017-008-00-5 | potassium perchlorate | 231-912-9 | 7778-74-7 | O; R9 Xn; R22 | O; Xn R: 9-22 S: (2-)13-22-27 | | |
017-009-00-0 | ammonium perchlorate | 232-235-1 | 7790-98-9 | O; R9 R44 ⊗ | O R: 9-44 S: (2-)14-16-27-36/37 | | G |
017-010-00-6 | sodium perchlorate | 231-511-9 | 7601-89-0 | O; R9 Xn; R22 | O; Xn R: 9-22 S: (2-)13-22-27 | | |
017-011-00-1 | sodium hypochlorite, solution ... % Cl active | 231-668-3 | 7681-52-9 | C; R34 R31 N; R50 | C; N R: 31-34-50 S: (1/2-)28-45-50-61 | R31: C ≥ 5 % | B |
017-012-00-7 | calcium hypochlorite | 231-908-7 | 7778-54-3 | O; R8 ⊗ Xn; R22 R31 C; R34 N; R50 | O; C; N R: 8-22-31-34-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R37/38-41: 3 % ≤ C 017-013-00-2 | calcium chloride | 233-140-8 | 10043-52-4 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)22-24 | | |
017-014-00-8 | ammonium chloride | 235-186-4 | 12125-02-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-)22 | | |
017-015-00-3 | (2-(aminomethyl)phenyl)acetylchloride hydrochloride | 417-410-4 | 61807-67-8 | Xn; R22 C; R35 R43 | C R: 22-35-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
017-016-00-9 | methyltriphenylphosphonium chloride | 418-400-2 | 1031-15-8 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-41-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
017-017-00-4 | (Z)-13-docosenyl-N,N-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)-N-methyl-ammonium-chloride | 426-210-6 | 120086-58-0 | C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
017-018-00-X | N,N,N-trimethyl-2,3-bis(stearoyloxy)propylammonium chloride | 405-660-7 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
017-019-00-5 | (R)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-6,7-dimethoxy-1-veratrylisoquinoline hydrochloride | 415-110-8 | 54417-53-7 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
017-020-00-0 | ethyl propoxy aluminium chloride | 421-790-7 | 13014-29-4 | F; R15 R 14 C; R35 | F; C R: 14/15-35 S: (1/2-)16-23-26-30-36/37/39-43-45 | | |
017-021-00-6 | behenamidopropyl-dimethyl-(dihydroxypropyl) ammonium chloride | 423-420-1 | 136920-10-0 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
019-001-00-2 | potassium | 231-119-8 | 7440-09-7 | F; R15 R14 C; R34 | F; C R: 14/15-34 S: (1/2-)5-8-45 | | |
019-002-00-8 | potassium hydroxide; caustic potash | 215-181-3 | 1310-58-3 | Xn; R22 C; R35 | C R: 22-35 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 5 % C; R34: 2 % ≤ C 020-001-00-X | calcium | 231-179-5 | 7440-70-2 | F; R15 | F R: 15 S: (2-)8-24/25-43 | | |
020-002-00-5 | calcium cyanide | 209-740-0 | 592-01-8 | T+; R28 R32 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 28-32-50/53 S: (1/2-)7/8-23-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
020-003-00-0 | reaction mass of: dicalcium (bis(2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propenylphenylmethyl)methylamine)dihydroxide; tri-calcium (tris(2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propenylphenylmethyl)methylamine)tri-hydroxide; poly[calcium ((2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propenyl-phenylmethyl)methylamine)hydroxide] | 420-470-4 | — | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)24-26-37 | | |
022-001-00-5 | titanium tetrachloride | 231-441-9 | 7550-45-0 | R14 C; R34 | C R: 14-34 S: (1/2-)7/8-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
022-002-00-0 | titanium(4+) oxalate | 403-260-7 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
022-003-00-6 | bis(η5-cyclopentadienyl)-bis(2,6-difluoro-3-[pyrrol-1-yl]-phenyl)titanium | 412-000-1 | 125051-32-3 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-48/22-62-51/53 S: (2-)7-22-33-36/37-61 | | |
023-001-00-8 | divanadium pentaoxide; vanadium pentoxide | 215-239-8 | 1314-62-1 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T; R48/23 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R37 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 20/22-37-48/23-51/53-63-68 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45-61 | | |
024-001-00-0 | chromium (VI) trioxide | 215-607-8 | 1333-82-0 | O; R9 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T+; R26 T; R24/25-48/23 C; R35 R42/43 N; R50-53 | O; T+; N R: 45-46-9-24/25-26-35-42/43-48/23-62-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | C: R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 024-002-00-6 | potassium dichromate | 231-906-6 | 7778-50-9 | O; R8 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xn; R21 C; R34 R42/43 N; R50-53 | T+; N; O R: 45-46-60-61-8-21-25-26-34-42/43-48/23-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 %: Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 024-003-00-1 | ammonium dichromate | 232-143-1 | 7789-09-5 | E; R2 O; R8 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xn; R21 C; R34 R42/43 N; R50-53 | E; T+; N R: 45-46-60-61-2-8-21-25-26-34-42/43-48/23-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 024-004-00-7 | sodium dichromate anhydrate | 234-190-3 | 10588-01-9 | O; R8 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xn; R21 C; R34 R42/43 N; 50-53 | T+; N; O R: 45-46-60-61-8-21-25-26-34-42/43-48/23-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 024-004-01-4 | sodium dichromate, dihydrate | 234-190-3 | 7789-12-0 | O; R8 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xn; R21 C; R34 R42/43 N; R50-53 | T+; N; O R: 45-46-60-61-8-21-25-26-34-42/43-48/23-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 024-005-00-2 | chromyl dichloride; chromic oxychloride | 239-056-8 | 14977-61-8 | O; R8 Carc. Cat. 2; R49 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 C; R35 R43 N; R50-53 | O; T; C; N R: 49-46-8-35-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 024-006-00-8 | potassium chromate | 232-140-5 | 7789-00-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 49-46-36/37/38-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | R43: C ≥ 0,5 % | 3 |
024-007-00-3 | zinc chromates including zinc potassium chromate | — | — | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | AE |
024-008-00-9 | calcium chromate | 237-366-8 | 13765-19-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
024-009-00-4 | strontium chromate | 232-142-6 | 7789-06-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
024-010-00-X | dichromium tris(chromate); chromium III chromate; chromic chromate | 246-356-2 | 24613-89-6 | O; R8 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 C; R35 R43 N; R50-53 | O; T; C; N R: 45-8-35-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
024-011-00-5 | ammonium bis(1-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-3-(N-phenylcarbamoyl)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 400-110-2 | 109125-51-1 | F; R11 N; R50-53 | F; N R: 11-50/53 S: (2-)33-60-61 | | |
024-012-00-0 | trisodium bis(7-acetamido-2-(4-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-3-sulphonato-1-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 400-810-8 | — | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | Xn R: 68 S: (2-)22-36/37 | | |
024-013-00-6 | trisodium (6-anilino-2-(5-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-3-sulphonato-1-naphtholato)(4-sulphonato-1,1'-azodi-2,2'naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 402-500-8 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
024-014-00-1 | trisodium bis(2-(5-chloro-4-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-sulphonato-1-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 402-870-0 | 93952-24-0 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
024-015-00-7 | disodium (3-methyl-4-(5-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-1-phenylpyrazololato)(1-(3-nitro-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 404-930-1 | — | Xn; R20 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20-41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
024-016-00-2 | tetradecylammonium bis(1-(5-chloro-2-oxidophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 405-110-6 | 88377-66-6 | Xn; R48/22 R53 | Xn R: 48/22-53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
024-017-00-8 | Chromium (VI) compounds, with the exception of barium chromate and of compounds specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 49-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | A |
024-018-00-3 | sodium chromate | 231-889-5 | 7775-11-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23 Xn; R21 C; R34 R42/43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 45-46-60-61-21-25-26-34-42/43-48/23-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | R42/43: C ≥ 0,2 % | E 3 |
024-019-00-9 | Main component: acetoacetic acid anilide/3-amino-1-hydroxybenzene (ATAN-MAP): trisodium {6-[(2 or 3 or 4)-amino-(4 or 5 or 6)-hydroxyphenylazo]-5'-(phenylsulfamoyl)-3-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato}-{6''-[1-(phenylcarbamoyl)ethylazo]-5'''-(phenylsulfamoyl)-3''-sulfonatonaphthalene-2''-azobenzene-1'',2'''-diolato}chromate (III); by-product 1: acetoacetic acid anilide/acetoacetic acid anilide (ATAN-ATAN): trisodium bis{6-[1-(phenylcarbamoyl)ethylazo]-5'-(phenylsulfonyl)-3-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato}chromate (III); by-product 2: 3-amino-1-hydroxybenzene/3-amino-1-hydroxybenzene (MAP-MAP): trisodium bis{6-[(2 or 3 or 4)-amino-(4 or 5 or 6)-hydroxyphenylazo]-5'-(phenylsulfamoyl)-3-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato} chromate (III) | 419-230-1 | — | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
024-020-00-4 | trisodium bis[(3'-nitro-5'-sulfonato(6-amino-2-[4-(2-hydroxy-1-naphtylazo)phenylsulfonylamino]pyrimidin-5-azo)benzene-2',4-diolato)]chromate (III) | 418-220-4 | — | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
025-001-00-3 | manganese dioxide | 215-202-6 | 1313-13-9 | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-)25 | | |
025-002-00-9 | potassium permanganate | 231-760-3 | 7722-64-7 | O; R8 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | O; Xn; N R: 8-22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
025-003-00-4 | manganese sulphate | 232-089-9 | 7785-87-7 | Xn; R48/20/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 48/20/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
025-004-00-X | bis(N,N',N''-trimethyl-1,4,7-triazacyclononane)-trioxo-dimanganese (IV) di(hexafluorophosphate) monohydrate | 411-760-1 | 116633-53-5 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
025-005-00-5 | reaction mass of: tri-sodium [29H, 31H-phthalocyanine-C,C,C-trisulfonato (6-)-N29,N30,N31,N32] manganate (3-); tetrasodium [29H,31H-phthalocyanine-C,C,C,C-tetrasulfonato (6-)-N29,N30,N31,N32], manganate (3-); pentasodium [29H,31H-phthalocyanine-C,C,C,C,C-pentasulfonato (6-)-N29,N30,N31,N32] manganate (3-) | 417-660-4 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
026-001-00-6 | (η-cumene)-(η-cyclopentadienyl)iron(II) hexafluoroantimonate | 407-840-0 | 100011-37-8 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
026-002-00-1 | (η-cumene)-(η-cyclopentadienyl)iron(II) trifluoromethane-sulfonate | 407-880-9 | 117549-13-0 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
027-001-00-9 | cobalt | 231-158-0 | 7440-48-4 | R42/43 R53 | Xn R: 42/43-53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
027-002-00-4 | cobalt oxide | 215-154-6 | 1307-96-6 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
027-003-00-X | cobalt sulphide | 215-273-3 | 1317-42-6 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
027-004-00-5 | cobalt dichloride | 231-589-4 | 7646-79-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 Xn; R22 R42/43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 49-22-42/43-50/53 S: (2-)22-53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R49: C ≥ 0,01 % Xn; R22: C ≥ 2,5 % | E 1 |
027-005-00-0 | cobalt sulphate | 233-334-2 | 10124-43-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 Xn; R22 R42/43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 49-22-42/43-50/53 S: (2-)22-53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R49: C ≥ 0,01 % | E 1 |
028-001-00-1 | tetracarbonylnickel; nickel tetracarbonyl | 236-669-2 | 13463-39-3 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 T+; R26 N; R50-53 | F; T+; N R: 61-11-26-40-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
028-002-00-7 | nickel | 231-111-4 | 7440-02-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 R43 | Xn R: 40-43 S: (2-)22-36 | | |
028-003-00-2 | nickel monoxide | 215-215-7 | 1313-99-1 | Carc. Cat. 1; R49 R43 R53 | T R: 49-43-53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
028-004-00-8 | nickel dioxide | 234-823-3 | 12035-36-8 | Carc. Cat. 1; R49 R43 R53 | T R: 49-43-53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
028-005-00-3 | dinickel trioxide | 215-217-8 | 1314-06-3 | Carc. Cat. 1; R49 R43 R53 | T R: 49-43-53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
028-006-00-9 | nickel sulphide | 240-841-2 | 16812-54-7 | Carc. Cat. 1; R49 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 49-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
028-007-00-4 | nickel subsulphide; trinickel disulphide | 234-829-6 | 12035-72-2 | Carc. Cat. 1; R49 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 49-43-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
028-008-00-X | nickel dihydroxide | 235-008-5 | 12054-48-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-40-43-50/53 S: (2-)22-36-60-61 | | |
028-009-00-5 | nickel sulphate | 232-104-9 | 7786-81-4 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 R42/43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-42/43-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
028-010-00-0 | nickel carbonate | 222-068-2 | 3333-67-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-43-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
029-001-00-4 | copper chloride; copper (I) chloride; cuprous chloride | 231-842-9 | 7758-89-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
029-002-00-X | dicopper oxide; copper (I) oxide | 215-270-7 | 1317-39-1 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
029-003-00-5 | Naphthenic acids, copper salts; copper naphthenate | 215-657-0 | 1338-02-9 | R10 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 10-22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
029-004-00-0 | copper sulphate | 231-847-6 | 7758-98-7 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/38-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
029-005-00-6 | (tris(chloromethyl)phthalocyaninato)copper(II), reaction products with N-methylpiperazine and methoxyacetic acid | 401-260-1 | — | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)26 | | |
029-006-00-1 | tris(octadec-9-enylammonium) (trisulfonatophthalocyaninato)copper(II) | 403-210-4 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
029-007-00-7 | (trisodium (2-((3-(6-(2-chloro-5-sulfonato)anilino)-4-(3-carboxypyridinio)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylmethylazo)-4-sulfonatobenzoato)copper(3-)) hydroxide | 404-670-9 | 89797-01-3 | E; R2 R43 | E; Xi R: 2-43 S: (2-)22-24-35-37 | | |
029-008-00-2 | copper(II) methanesulfonate | 405-400-2 | 54253-62-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
029-009-00-8 | phthalocyanine-N-[3-(diethylamino)propyl]sulfonamide copper complex | 413-650-9 | 93971-95-0 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
029-010-00-3 | reaction mass of compounds from (dodecakis(p-tolylthio)phthalocyaninato)copper(II) to (hexadecakis(p-tolylthio)phthalocyaninato)copper(II) | 407-700-9 | 101408-30-4 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
029-011-00-9 | sodium [29H,31H-phthalocyaninato-(2-)-N29,N30,N31,N32]-((3-(N-methyl-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)propyl)amino)sulfonyl-sulfonato, copper complex | 412-730-0 | 150522-10-4 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
029-012-00-4 | sodium ((N-(3-trimethylammoniopropyl)sulfamoyl)methylsulfonatophthalocyaninato)copper(II) | 407-340-2 | 124719-24-0 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
029-013-00-X | trisodium(2-(α-(3-(4-chloro-6-(2-(2-(vinylsulfonyl)ethoxy)ethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)benzylidenehydrazino)-4-sulfonatobenzoato)copper(II) | 407-580-8 | 130201-51-3 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
030-001-00-1 | zinc powder — zinc dust (pyrophoric) | 231-175-3 | 7440-66-6 | F; R15-17 N; R50-53 | F; N R: 15-17-50/53 S: (2-)43-46-60-61 | | |
030-001-01-9 | zinc powder — zinc dust (stabilised) | 231-175-3 | 7440-66-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
030-003-00-2 | zinc chloride | 231-592-0 | 7646-85-7 | C; R34 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 030-004-00-8 | dimethylzinc; [1] diethylzinc [2] | 208-884-1 [1] 209-161-3 [2] | 544-97-8 [1] 557-20-0 [2] | F; R17 R14 C; R34 N; R50-53 | F; C; N R: 14-17-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)16-43-45-60-61 | | |
030-005-00-3 | diamminediisocyanatozinc | 401-610-3 | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R42/43 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-41-42/43-50 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-41-61 | | |
030-006-00-9 | zinc sulphate (hydrous) (mono-, hexa- and hepta hydrate); [1] zinc sulphate (anhydrous) [2] | 231-793-3 [1] 231-793-3 [2] | 7446-19-7 [1] 7733-02-0 [2] | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-50/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-46-60-61 | | |
030-007-00-4 | bis(3,5-di-tert-butylsalicylato-O1,O2)zinc | 403-360-0 | 42405-40-3 | F; R11 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-22-50/53 S: (2-)7-22-60-61 | | |
030-008-00-X | hydroxo(2-(benzenesulfonamido)benzoato)zinc(II) | 403-750-0 | 113036-91-2 | Xn; R20 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20-51/53 S: (2-)22-57-61 | | |
030-011-00-6 | trizinc bis(orthophosphate) | 231-944-3 | 7779-90-0 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
030-013-00-7 | zinc oxide | 215-222-5 | 1314-13-2 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
033-001-00-X | arsenic | 231-148-6 | 7440-38-2 | T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)20/21-28-45-60-61 | | |
033-002-00-5 | arsenic compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)20/21-28-45-60-61 | T; R23/25: C ≥ 0,2 % Xn; R20/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 033-003-00-0 | diarsenic trioxide; arsenic trioxide | 215-481-4 | 1327-53-3 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 T+; R28 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 45-28-34-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
033-004-00-6 | diarsenic pentaoxide; arsenic pentoxide; arsenic oxide | 215-116-9 | 1303-28-2 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-23/25-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
033-005-00-1 | arsenic acid and its salts | — | — | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-23/25-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | AE |
033-006-00-7 | arsine | 232-066-3 | 7784-42-1 | F+; R12 T+; R26 Xn; R48/20 N; R50-53 | F+; T+; N R: 12-26-48/20-50/53 S: (1/2-)9-16-28-33-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
033-007-00-2 | tert-butylarsine | 423-320-6 | 4262-43-5 | F; R17 T+; R26 | F; T+ R: 17-26 S: (1/2-)9-28-36/37-43-45 | | |
034-001-00-2 | selenium | 231-957-4 | 7782-49-2 | T; R23/25 R33 R53 | T R: 23/25-33-53 S: (1/2-)20/21-28-45-61 | | |
034-002-00-8 | selenium compounds except cadmium sulphoselenide | — | — | T; R23/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)20/21-28-45-60-61 | | A |
034-003-00-3 | sodium selenite | 233-267-9 | 10102-18-8 | T+; R28 T; R23 R31 R43 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 23-28-31-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
035-001-00-5 | bromine | 231-778-1 | 7726-95-6 | T+; R26 C; R35 N; R50 | T+; C; N R: 26-35-50 S: (1/2-)7/9-26-45-61 | | |
035-002-00-0 | hydrogen bromide | 233-113-0 | 10035-10-6 | C; R35 Xi; R37 | C R: 35-37 S: (1/2-)7/9-26-45 | | |
035-002-01-8 | hydrobromic acid ... % | — | — | C; R34 Xi; R37 | C R: 34-37 S: (1/2-)7/9-26-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 40 % Xi; R36/38: 10 % ≤ C 035-003-00-6 | potassium bromate | 231-829-8 | 7758-01-2 | O; R9 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R25 | T; O R: 45-9-25 S: 53-45 | | E |
035-004-00-1 | 2-hydroxyethylammonium perbromide | 407-440-6 | — | O; R8 Xn; R22 C; R35 R43 N; R50 | O; C; N R: 8-22-35-43-50 S: (1/2-)3/7-14-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
040-001-00-3 | zirconium powder (pyrophoric) | 231-176-9 | 7440-67-7 | F; R15-17 | F R: 15-17 S: (2-)7/8-43 | | |
040-002-00-9 | zirconium powder (non pyrophoric) | — | — | F; R15 | F R: 15 S: (2-)7/8-43 | | |
042-001-00-9 | molybdenum trioxide | 215-204-7 | 1313-27-5 | Xn; R48/20/22 Xi; R36/37 | Xn R: 36/37-48/20/22 S: (2-)22-25 | | |
042-002-00-4 | tetrakis(dimethylditetradecylammonium) hexa-μ-oxotetra-μ3-oxodi-μ5-oxotetradecaoxooctamolybdate(4-) | 404-760-8 | 117342-25-3 | T; R23 Xi; R41 R53 | T R: 23-41-53 S: (1/2-)26-37/39-45-61 | | |
042-003-00-X | tetrakis(trimethylhexadecylammonium) hexa-mu-oxotetra-mu3-oxodi-mu5-oxotetradecaoxooctamolybdate(4-) | 404-860-1 | 116810-46-9 | F; R11 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | F; Xi; N R: 11-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
042-004-00-5 | Reaction product of ammonium molybdate and C12-C24-diethoxylated alkylamine (1:5-1:3) | 412-780-3 | — | Xi; R38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-51/53 S: 24/25-37-61 | | |
047-001-00-2 | silver nitrate | 231-853-9 | 7761-88-8 | ⊗ C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-45-60-61 | | |
048-001-00-5 | cadmium compounds, with the exception of cadmium sulphoselenide (xCdS.yCdSe), reaction mass of cadmium sulphide with zinc sulphide (xCdS.yZnS), reaction mass of cadmium sulphide with mercury sulphide (xCdS.yHgS), and those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 0,1 % | A 1 |
048-002-00-0 | cadmium (non-pyrophoric); [1] cadmium oxide (non-pyrophoric) [2] | 231-152-8 [1] 215-146-2 [2] | 7440-43-9 [1] 1306-19-0 [2] | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 T+; R26 T; R48/23/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 45-26-48/23/25-62-63-68-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
048-003-00-6 | cadmium diformate; cadmiumformate | 224-729-0 | 4464-23-7 | T; R23/25 R33 Xn; R68 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-33-68-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-45-60-61 | T; R23/25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R20/22: 0,25 % ≤ C 048-004-00-1 | cadmium cyanide | 208-829-1 | 542-83-6 | T+; R26/27/28 R32 R33 Xn; R68 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-32-33-68-50/53 S: (1/2-)7-28-29-45-60-61 | R32: C ≥ 1 % R33: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
048-005-00-7 | cadmiumhexafluorosilicate(2-); cadmium fluorosilica | 241-084-0 | 17010-21-8 | T; R23/25 R33 Xn; R68 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-33-68-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-45-60-61 | T; R23/25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R20/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-006-00-2 | cadmium fluoride | 232-222-0 | 7790-79-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 45-46-60-61-25-26-48/23/25-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % T; R25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R22: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-007-00-8 | cadmium iodide | 232-223-6 | 7790-80-9 | T; R23/25 R33 Xn; R68 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-33-68-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-45-60-61 | T; R23/25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R20/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-008-00-3 | cadmium chloride | 233-296-7 | 10108-64-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 45-46-60-61-25-26-48/23/25-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % T; R25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R22: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-009-00-9 | cadmium sulphate | 233-331-6 | 10124-36-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 T+; R26 T; R25-48/23/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 45-46-60-61-25-26-48/23/25-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % T; R25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R22: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-010-00-4 | cadmium sulphide | 215-147-8 | 1306-23-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 T; R48/23/25 Xn; R22 R53 | T; R: 45-22-48/23/25-62-63-68-53 S: 53-45-61 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 10 % T; R48/23/25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R48/20/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 048-011-00-X | cadmium (pyrophoric) | 231-152-8 | 7440-43-9 | F; R17 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 T+; R26 T; R48/23/25 N; R50-53 | F; T+; N R: 45-17-26-48/23/25-62-63-68-50/53 S: 53-45-7/8-43-60-61 | | E |
050-001-00-5 | tin tetrachloride; stannic chloride | 231-588-9 | 7646-78-8 | C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 34-52/53 S: (1/2-)7/8-26-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 050-002-00-0 | cyhexatin (ISO); hydroxytricyclohexylstannane; tri(cyclohexyl)tin hydroxide | 236-049-1 | 13121-70-5 | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-60-61 | | |
050-003-00-6 | fentin acetate (ISO); triphenyltin acetate | 212-984-0 | 900-95-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T+; R26 T; R24/25-48/23 Xi; R37/38-41 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-37/38-40-41-48/23-50/53-63 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
050-004-00-1 | fentin hydroxide (ISO); triphenyltin hydroxide | 200-990-6 | 76-87-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T+; R26 T; R24/25-48/23 Xi; R37/38-41 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-37/38-40-41-48/23-50/53-63 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
050-005-00-7 | trimethyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-27-28-45-60-61 | T+; R26/27/28: C ≥ 0,5 % T; R23/24/25: 0,1 % ≤ C 050-006-00-2 | triethyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-27-28-45-60-61 | T+; R26/27/28: C ≥ 0,5 % T; R23/24/25: 0,1 % ≤ C 050-007-00-8 | tripropyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-27-28-45-60-61 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 0,5 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 050-008-00-3 | tributyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R25-48/23/25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-36/38-48/23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)35-36/37/39-45-60-61 | T; R25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R22: 0,25 % ≤ C 050-009-00-9 | fluorotripentylstannane; [1] hexapentyldistannoxane [2] | 243-546-7 [1] 247-143-7 [2] | 20153-49-5 [1] 25637-27-8 [2] | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-60-61 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 1 % | 1 |
050-010-00-4 | fluorotrihexylstannane | 243-547-2 | 20153-50-8 | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-60-61 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 1 % | 1 |
050-011-00-X | triphenyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-27-28-45-60-61 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,25 % ≤ C 050-012-00-5 | tetracyclohexylstannane; [1] chlorotricyclohexylstannane; [2] butyltricyclohexylstannane [3] | 215-910-5 [1] 221-437-5 [2] 230-358-5 [3] | 1449-55-4 [1] 3091-32-5 [2] 7067-44-9 [3] | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-60-61 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 1 % | A 1 |
050-013-00-0 | trioctyltin compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xi; R36/37/38 R53 | Xi R: 36/37/38-53 S: (2-)61 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 1 % | A 1 |
050-017-00-2 | fenbutatin oxide (ISO); bis(tris(2-methyl-2-phenylpropyl)tin)oxide | 236-407-7 | 13356-08-6 | T+; R26 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26-36/38-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
050-018-00-8 | tin(II) methanesulphonate | 401-640-7 | 53408-94-9 | C; R34 Xn; R22 R43 | C R: 22-34-43 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
050-019-00-3 | azocyclotin (ISO); 1-(tricyclohexylstannyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole; | 255-209-1 | 41083-11-8 | T+; R26 T; R25 Xi; R37/38-41 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 25-26-37/38-41-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-38-45-60-61 | | |
050-020-00-9 | trioctylstannane | 413-320-4 | 869-59-0 | T; R48/25 Xi; R38 R53 | T R: 38-48/25-53 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-61 | | |
051-001-00-8 | antimony trichloride | 233-047-2 | 10025-91-9 | C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 051-002-00-3 | antimony pentachloride | 231-601-8 | 7647-18-9 | C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 051-003-00-9 | antimony compounds, with the exception of the tetroxide (Sb2O4), pentoxide (Sb2O5), trisulphide (Sb2S3), pentasulphide (Sb2S5) and those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xn; R20/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 0,25 % | A 1 |
051-004-00-4 | antimony trifluoride | 232-009-2 | 7783-56-4 | T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)7-26-45-61 | | |
051-005-00-X | antimony trioxide | 215-175-0 | 1309-64-4 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)22-36/37 | | |
051-006-00-5 | diphenyl(4-phenylthiophenyl)sulfonium hexafluoroantimonate | 403-500-0 | — | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
051-007-00-0 | bis(4-dodecylphenyl)iodonium hexafluoroantimonate | 404-420-9 | 71786-70-4 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
053-001-00-3 | iodine | 231-442-4 | 7553-56-2 | Xn; R20/21 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 20/21-50 S: (2-)23-25-61 | | |
053-002-00-9 | hydrogen iodide | 233-109-9 | 10034-85-2 | C; R35 | C R: 35 S: (1/2-)9-26-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 0,2 % ≤ C 053-002-01-6 | hydriodic acid ... % | — | — | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R36/38: 10 % ≤ C 053-003-00-4 | iodoxybenzene | — | 696-33-3 | E; R1 ⊗ | E R: 1 S: (2-)35 | | |
053-004-00-X | calcium iodoxybenzoate | — | — | E; R1 ⊗ | E R: 1 S: (2-)35 | | C |
053-005-00-5 | (4-(1-methylethyl)phenyl)-(4-methylphenyl)iodonium tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)borate (1-) | 422-960-3 | 178233-72-2 | Xn; R21/22-48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
056-001-00-1 | barium peroxide | 215-128-4 | 1304-29-6 | O; R8 Xn; R20/22 | O; Xn R: 8-20/22 S: (2-)13-27 | | |
056-002-00-7 | barium salts, with the exception of barium sulphate, salts of 1-azo-2-hydroxynaphthalenyl aryl sulphonic acid, and of salts specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-)28 | Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 1 % | A 1 |
056-003-00-2 | barium carbonate | 208-167-3 | 513-77-9 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
056-004-00-8 | barium chloride | 233-788-1 | 10361-37-2 | T; R25 Xn; R20 | T R: 20-25 S: (1/2-)45 | | |
072-001-00-4 | hafnium tetra-n-butoxide | 411-740-2 | 22411-22-9 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)24/25-26-37/39 | | |
074-001-00-X | hexasodium tungstate hydrate | 412-770-9 | 12141-67-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
074-002-00-5 | Reaction products of tungsten hexachloride with 2-methylpropan-2-ol, nonylphenol and pentane-2,4-dione | 408-250-6 | — | F; R11 Xn; R20 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | F; C; N R: 11-20-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)16-26-29-33-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
076-001-00-5 | osmium tetraoxide; osmic acid | 244-058-7 | 20816-12-0 | T+; R26/27/28 C; R34 | T+ R: 26/27/28-34 S: (1/2-)7/9-26-45 | | |
078-001-00-0 | tetrachloroplatinates with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R25 Xi; R41 R42/43 | T R: 25-41-42/43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | A |
078-002-00-6 | diammonium tetrachloroplatinate | 237-499-1 | 13820-41-2 | T; R25 Xi; R38-41 R42/43 | T R: 25-38-41-42/43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
078-003-00-1 | disodium tetrachloroplatinate | 233-051-4 | 10026-00-3 | T; R25 Xi; R38-41 R42/43 | T R: 25-38-41-42/43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
078-004-00-7 | dipotassium tetrachloroplatinate | 233-050-9 | 10025-99-7 | T; R25 Xi; R38-41 R42/43 | T R: 25-38-41-42/43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
078-005-00-2 | hexachloroplatinates with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R25 Xi; R41 R42/43 | T R: 25-41-42/43 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | A |
078-006-00-8 | disodium hexachloroplatinate | 240-983-5 | 16923-58-3 | T; R25 Xi; R41 R42/43 | T R: 25-41-42/43 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
078-007-00-3 | dipotassium hexachloroplatinate | 240-979-3 | 16921-30-5 | T; R25 Xi; R41 R42/43 | T R: 25-41-42/43 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
078-008-00-9 | diammonium hexachloroplatinate | 240-973-0 | 16919-58-7 | T; R25 Xi; R41 R42/43 | T R: 25-41-42/43 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
078-009-00-4 | hexachloroplatinic acid | 241-010-7 | 16941-12-1 | T; R25 C; R34 R42/43 | T R: 25-34-42/43 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
080-001-00-0 | mercury | 231-106-7 | 7439-97-6 | T; R23 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)7-45-60-61 | | |
080-002-00-6 | inorganic compounds of mercury with the exception of mercuric sulphide and those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-60-61 | T+; R26/27/28: C ≥ 2 % T; R23/24/25: 0,5 % ≤ C 080-003-00-1 | dimercury dichloride; mercurous chloride; calomel | 233-307-5 | 10112-91-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)13-24/25-46-60-61 | | |
080-004-00-7 | organic compounds of mercury with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-36-45-60-61 | T+; R26/27/28: C ≥ 2 % T; R23/24/25: 0,5 % ≤ C 080-005-00-2 | mercury difulminate; mercuric fulminate; fulminate of mercury | 211-057-8 | 628-86-4 | E; R3 T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | E; T; N R: 3-23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)3-45-60-61 | | |
080-006-00-8 | dimercury dicyanide oxide; mercuric oxycyanide | 215-629-8 | 1335-31-5 | E; R3 ⊗ T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | E; T; N R: 3-23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-35-45-60-61 | | |
080-007-00-3 | dimethylmercury; [1] diethylmercury [2] | 209-805-3 [1] 211-000-7 [2] | 593-74-8 [1] 627-44-1 [2] | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-36-45-60-61 | T+; R26/27/28: C ≥ 0,5 % T; R23/24/25: 0,1 % ≤ C 080-008-00-9 | phenylmercury nitrate; [1] phenylmercury hydroxide; [2] basic phenylmercury nitrate [3] | 200-242-9 [1] 202-866-7 [2] - [3] | 55-68-5 [1] 100-57-2 [2] 8003-05-2 [3] | T; R25-48/24/25 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-34-48/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-24/25-37-45-60-61 | | |
080-009-00-4 | 2-methoxyethylmercury chloride | 204-659-7 | 123-88-6 | T; R25-48/25 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-34-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
080-010-00-X | mercury dichloride; mercuric chloride | 231-299-8 | 7487-94-7 | T+; R28 T; R48/24/25 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 28-34-48/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
080-011-00-5 | phenylmercury acetate | 200-532-5 | 62-38-4 | T; R25-48/24/25 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-34-48/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-24/25-37-45-60-61 | | |
081-001-00-3 | thallium | 231-138-1 | 7440-28-0 | T+; R26/28 R33 R53 | T+ R: 26/28-33-53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-61 | | |
081-002-00-9 | thallium compounds, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T+; R26/28 R33 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 26/28-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-61 | | A |
081-003-00-4 | dithallium sulphate; thallic sulphate | 231-201-3 | 7446-18-6 | T+; R28 T; R48/25 Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 28-38-48/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)13-36/37-45-61 | | |
082-001-00-6 | lead compounds with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/22 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-20/22-33-62-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62: C ≥ 2,5 % Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 1 % R33: C ≥ 0,5 % | AE 1 |
082-002-00-1 | lead alkyls | — | — | Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 61-26/27/28-33-62-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Repr. Cat. 1; R61: C ≥ 0,1 % T+; R26/27/28: C ≥ 0,25 % T; R23/24/25: 0,1 % ≤ C 082-003-00-7 | lead diazide; lead azide | 236-542-1 | 13424-46-9 | E; R3 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/22 R33 N; R50-53 | E; T; N R: 61-3-20/22-33-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E 1 |
082-004-00-2 | lead chromate | 231-846-0 | 7758-97-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-33-40-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | 1 |
082-005-00-8 | lead di(acetate) | 206-104-4 | 301-04-2 | Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-33-48/22-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E 1 |
082-006-00-3 | trilead bis(orthophosphate) | 231-205-5 | 7446-27-7 | Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-33-48/22-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E 1 |
082-007-00-9 | lead acetate, basic; | 215-630-3 | 1335-32-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-33-40-48/22-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E 1 |
082-008-00-4 | lead(II) methanesulphonate | 401-750-5 | 17570-76-2 | Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/22-48/20/22 Xi; R38-41 N; R58 R33 | T; N R: 61-62-20/22-33-38-41-48/20/22-58 S: 53-45-57-61 | | E 1 |
082-009-00-X | Lead sulfochromate yellow; C.I. Pigment Yellow 34; [This substance is identified in the Colour Index by Colour Index Constitution Number, C.I. 77603.] | 215-693-7 | 1344-37-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-33-40-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | 1 |
082-010-00-5 | Lead chromate molybdate sulfate red; C.I. Pigment Red 104; [This substance is identified in the Colour Index by Colour Index Constitution Number, C.I. 77605.] | 235-759-9 | 12656-85-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-33-40-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | 1 |
082-011-00-0 | lead hydrogen arsenate | 232-064-2 | 7784-40-9 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-61-23/25-33-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E 1 |
092-001-00-8 | uranium | 231-170-6 | 7440-61-1 | T+; R26/28 R33 R53 | T+ R: 26/28-33-53 S: (1/2-)20/21-45-61 | | |
092-002-00-3 | uranium compounds | — | — | T+; R26/28 R33 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 26/28-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)20/21-45-61 | | A |
601-001-00-4 | methane | 200-812-7 | 74-82-8 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
601-002-00-X | ethane | 200-814-8 | 74-84-0 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
601-003-00-5 | propane | 200-827-9 | 74-98-6 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16 | | |
601-004-00-0 | butane; [1] and isobutane [2] | 203-448-7 [1] 200-857-2 [2] | 106-97-8 [1] 75-28-5 [2] | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16 | | C |
601-004-01-8 | butane (containing ≥ 0,1 % butadiene (203-450-8)); [1] isobutane (containing ≥ 0,1 % butadiene (203-450-8)) [2] | 203-448-7 [1] 200-857-2 [2] | 106-97-8 [1] 75-28-5 [2] | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | F+; T R: 45-46-12 S: 53-45 | | CS |
601-005-00-6 | 2,2-dimethylpropane; neopentane | 207-343-7 | 463-82-1 | F+; R12 N; R51-53 | F+; N R: 12-51/53 S: (2-)9-16-33-61 | | |
601-006-00-1 | pentane; [1] isopentane; 2-methylbutane [2] | 203-692-4 [1] 201-142-8 [2] | 109-66-0 [1] 78-78-4 [2] | F+; R12 Xn; R65 R66 R67 N; R51-53 | F+; Xn; N R: 12-51/53-65-66-67 S: (2-)9-16-29-33-61-62 | | C |
601-007-00-7 | hexane, reaction mass of isomers (containing 601-008-00-2 | heptane [and isomers] [1] | 205-563-8 [1] 203-548-0 [2] 207-346-3 [3] 209-230-8 [4] 209-280-0 [5] 209-643-3 [6] 209-680-5 [7] 209-730-6 [8] 210-529-0 [9] 250-610-8 [10] | 142-82-5 [1] 108-08-7 [2] 464-06-2 [3] 562-49-2 [4] 565-59-3 [5] 589-34-4 [6] 590-35-2 [7] 591-76-4 [8] 617-78-7 [9] 31394-54-4 [10] | F; R11 Xn; R65 Xi; R38 R67 N; R50-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-38-50/53-65-67 S: (2-)9-16-29-33-60-61-62 | | C |
601-009-00-8 | octane [and isomers] [1] | 203-892-1 [1] 208-759-1 [2] 209-207-2 [3] 209-243-9 [4] 209-266-4 [5] 209-292-6 [6] 209-504-7 [7] 209-547-1 [8] 209-649-6 [9] 209-650-1 [10] 209-660-6 [11] 209-689-4 [12] | 111-65-9 [1] 540-84-1 [2] 560-21-4 [3] 563-16-6 [4] 564-02-3 [5] 565-75-3 [6] 583-48-2 [7] 584-94-1 [8] 589-43-5 [9] 589-53-7 [10] 589-81-1 [11] 590-73-8 [12] 592-13-2 [13] 592-27-8 [14] 594-82-1 [15] 609-26-7 [16] 619-99-8 [17] 1067-08-9 [18] 26635-64-3 [19] | F; R11 Xn; R65 Xi; R38 R67 N; R50-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-38-50/53-65-67 S: (2-)9-16-29-33-60-61-62 | | C |
| | 209-745-8 [13] 209-747-9 [14] 209-855-6 [15] 210-187-2 [16] 210-621-0 [17] 213-923-0 [18] 247-861-0 [19] | | | | | |
601-010-00-3 | ethylene | 200-815-3 | 74-85-1 | F+; R12 R67 | F+ R: 12-67 S: (2-)9-16-33-45 | | |
601-011-00-9 | propene; propylene | 204-062-1 | 115-07-1 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
601-012-00-4 | but-1-ene; [1] butene, mixed-1-and-2-isomers; [2] 2-methylpropene; [3] (Z)-but-2-ene; [4] (E)-but-2-ene [5] | 203-449-2 [1] 203-452-9 [2] 204-066-3 [3] 209-673-7 [4] 210-855-3 [5] | 106-98-9 [1] 107-01-7 [2] 115-11-7 [3] 590-18-1 [4] 624-64-6 [5] | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | C |
601-013-00-X | 1,3-butadiene; buta-1,3-diene | 203-450-8 | 106-99-0 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | F+; T R: 45-46-12 S: 53-45 | | D |
601-014-00-5 | isoprene (stabilised) 2-methyl-1,3-butadiene | 201-143-3 | 78-79-5 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 R52-53 | F+; T R: 45-12-68-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | D |
601-015-00-0 | acetylene; ethyne | 200-816-9 | 74-86-2 | R5 R6 F+; R12 | F+ R: 5-6-12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
601-016-00-6 | cyclopropane | 200-847-8 | 75-19-4 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
601-017-00-1 | cyclohexane | 203-806-2 | 110-82-7 | F; R11 Xn; R65 Xi; R38 R67 N; R50-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-38-65-67-50/53 S: (2-)9-16-25-33-60-61-62 | | |
601-018-00-7 | methylcyclohexane | 203-624-3 | 108-87-2 | F; R11 Xn; R65 Xi; R38 R67 N; R51-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-38-51/53-65-67 S: (2-)9-16-33-61-62 | | |
601-019-00-2 | 1,4-dimethylcyclohexane | 209-663-2 | 589-90-2 | F; R11 Xn; R65 Xi; R38 R67 N; R51-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-38-51/53-65-67 S: (2-)9-16-33-61-62 | | |
601-020-00-8 | benzene | 200-753-7 | 71-43-2 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 T; R48/23/24/25 Xn; R65 Xi; R36/38 | F; T R: 45-46-11-36/38-48/23/24/25-65 S: 53-45 | | E |
601-021-00-3 | toluene | 203-625-9 | 108-88-3 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R48/20-65 Xi; R38 R67 | F; Xn R: 11-38-48/20-63-65-67 S: (2-)36/37-46-62 | | |
601-022-00-9 | o-xylene; [1] p-xylene; [2] m-xylene; [3] xylene [4] | 202-422-2 [1] 203-396-5 [2] 203-576-3 [3] 215-535-7 [4] | 95-47-6 [1] 106-42-3 [2] 108-38-3 [3] 1330-20-7 [4] | R10 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R38 | Xn R: 10-20/21-38 S: (2-)25 | Xn; R20/21: C ≥ 12,5 % | C |
601-023-00-4 | ethylbenzene | 202-849-4 | 100-41-4 | F; R11 Xn; R20 | F; Xn R: 11-20 S: (2-)16-24/25-29 | | |
601-024-00-X | cumene; [1] propylbenzene [2] | 202-704-5 [1] 203-132-9 [2] | 98-82-8 [1] 103-65-1 [2] | R10 Xn; R65 Xi; R37 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 10-37-51/53-65 S: (2-)24-37-61-62 | | C |
601-025-00-5 | mesitylene; 1,3,5-trimethylbenzene | 203-604-4 | 108-67-8 | R10 Xi; R37 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 10-37-51/53 S: (2-)61 | Xi; R37: C ≥ 25 % | |
601-026-00-0 | styrene | 202-851-5 | 100-42-5 | R10 Xn; R20 Xi; R36/38 | Xn R: 10-20-36/38 S: (2-)23 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 12,5 % Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 12,5 % | D |
601-027-00-6 | 2-phenylpropene; α-methylstyrene | 202-705-0 | 98-83-9 | R10 Xi; R36/37 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 10-36/37-51/53 S: (2-)61 | Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 25 % | |
601-028-00-1 | 2-methylstyrene; 2-vinyltoluene | 210-256-7 | 611-15-4 | Xn; R20 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20-51/53 S: (2-)24-61 | | |
601-029-00-7 | dipentene; limonene; [1] (R)-p-mentha-1,8-diene; d-limonene; [2] (S)-p-mentha-1,8-diene; l-limonene; [3] trans-1-methyl-4-(1-methylvinyl)cyclohexene; [4] (±)-1-methyl-4-(1-methylvinyl)cyclohexene [5] | 205-341-0 [1] 227-813-5 [2] 227-815-6 [3] 229-977-3 [4] 231-732-0 [5] | 138-86-3 [1] 5989-27-5 [2] 5989-54-8 [3] 6876-12-6 [4] 7705-14-8 [5] | R10 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 10-38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | C |
601-030-00-2 | cyclopentane | 206-016-6 | 287-92-3 | F; R11 R52-53 | F R: 11-52/53 S: (2-)9-16-29-33-61 | | |
601-031-00-8 | 2,4,4-trimethylpent-1-ene | 203-486-4 | 107-39-1 | F; R11 N; R51-53 | F; N R: 11-51/53 S: (2-)9-16-29-33-61 | | |
601-032-00-3 | benzo[a]pyrene; benzo[def]chrysene | 200-028-5 | 50-32-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-46-60-61-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
601-033-00-9 | benz[a]anthracene | 200-280-6 | 56-55-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
601-034-00-4 | benz[e]acephenanthrylene | 205-911-9 | 205-99-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
601-035-00-X | benzo[j]fluoranthene | 205-910-3 | 205-82-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
601-036-00-5 | benzo[k]fluoranthene | 205-916-6 | 207-08-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
601-037-00-0 | n-hexane | 203-777-6 | 110-54-3 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R65-48/20 Xi; R38 R67 N; R51-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-38-48/20-62-65-67-51/53 S: (2-)9-16-29-33-36/37-61-62 | Xn; R48/20: C ≥ 5 % | |
601-041-00-2 | dibenz[a,h]anthracene | 200-181-8 | 53-70-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | |
601-042-00-8 | biphenyl; diphenyl | 202-163-5 | 92-52-4 | Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)23-60-61 | | |
601-043-00-3 | 1,2,4-trimethylbenzene | 202-436-9 | 95-63-6 | R10 Xn; R20 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 10-20-36/37/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
601-044-00-9 | 3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindene | 201-052-9 | 77-73-6 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R51-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-20/22-36/37/38-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
601-045-00-4 | 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene | 204-340-2 | 119-64-2 | R19 Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 19-36/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-28-61 | | |
601-046-00-X | 7-methylocta-1,6-diene | 404-210-7 | 42152-47-6 | R10 N; R50-53 | N R: 10-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
601-047-00-5 | m-mentha-1,3(8)-diene | 404-150-1 | 17092-80-7 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
601-048-00-0 | chrysene | 205-923-4 | 218-01-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-68-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
601-049-00-6 | benzo[e]pyrene | 205-892-7 | 192-97-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
601-051-00-7 | 4-phenylbut-1-ene | 405-980-7 | 768-56-9 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
601-052-00-2 | naphthalene | 202-049-5 | 91-20-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
601-053-00-8 | nonylphenol; [1] 4-nonylphenol, branched [2] | 246-672-0 [1] 284-325-5 [2] | 25154-52-3 [1] 84852-15-3 [2] | Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-62-63-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-46-60-61 | | |
601-054-00-3 | reaction mass of isomers of: dibenzylbenzene; dibenzyl(methyl)benzene; dibenzyl(dimethyl)benzene; dibenzyl(trimethyl)benzene | 405-570-8 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
601-055-00-9 | reaction mass of isomers of: mono-(2-tetradecyl)naphthalenes; di-(2-tetradecyl)naphthalenes; tri-(2-tetradecyl)naphthalenes | 410-190-0 | 132983-41-6 | Xi; R36 R53 | Xi R: 36-53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
601-056-00-4 | reaction mass of isomers of: methyldiphenylmethane; dimethyldiphenylmethane | 405-470-4 | 73807-39-3 | Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-50/53 S: (2-)37-60-61 | | |
601-057-00-X | N-dodecyl-[3-(4-(dimethylamino)benzamido)-propyl]dimethylammonium tosylate | 421-130-8 | 156679-41-3 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
601-058-00-5 | di-L-para-menthene | 417-870-6 | 83648-84-4 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)23-24-37-60-61 | | |
601-059-00-0 | methyl 2-benzylidene-3-oxobutyrate | 420-940-9 | 15768-07-7 | Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-61 | | |
601-060-00-6 | 1,2-bis[4-fluoro-6-{4-sulfo-5-(2-(4-sulfonaphtalene-3-ylazo)-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfo-8-aminonaphthalene-7-ylazo)phenylamino}-1,3,5-triazin-2ylamino]ethane; x-sodium, y-potassium salts x = 7,755 y = 0,245 | 417-610-1 | 155522-09-1 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
601-061-00-1 | (ethyl-1,2-ethanediyl)[-2-[[[(2-hydroxyethyl)methylamino]acetyl]-propyl]ω-(nonylphenoxy)poly]oxy-(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl) | 418-960-8 | — | C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
601-062-00-7 | reaction mass of: branched triacontane; branched dotriacontane; branched tetratriacontane; branched hexatriacontane | 417-030-9 | 151006-59-6 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
601-063-00-2 | reaction mass of isomers of branched tetracosane | 417-060-2 | 151006-61-0 | Xn; R20 R53 | Xn R: 20-53 S: (2-)61 | | |
601-064-00-8 | branched hexatriacontane | 417-070-7 | 151006-62-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
601-065-00-3 | reaction mass of: (1'-α,3'-α,6'-α-2,2,3',7',7'-pentamethylspiro(1,3-dioxane-5,2'-norcarane); (1'α,3'β,6'α)-2,2,3',7',7'-pentamethylspiro(1,3-dioxane-5,2'-norcarane) | 416-930-9 | — | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 41-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-37/39-61 | | |
601-066-00-9 | 1-(4-(trans-4-heptylcyclohexyl)phenyl)ethanone | 426-820-2 | 78531-60-9 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
601-067-00-4 | triethyl arsenate | 427-700-2 | 15606-95-8 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-23/25-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
601-068-00-X | 1,2-diacetoxybut-3-ene | 421-720-5 | 18085-02-4 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
601-069-00-5 | 2-ethyl-1-(2-(1,3-dioxanyl)ethyl)-pyridinium bromide | 422-680-1 | 287933-44-2 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
601-071-00-6 | 1-dimethoxymethyl-2-nitro-benzene | 423-830-9 | 20627-73-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
601-073-00-7 | 1-bromo-3,5-difluorobenzene | 416-710-2 | 461-96-1 | R10 Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 10-22-38-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)24-36/37-60-61 | | |
601-074-00-2 | reaction mass of: 4-(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-en-1-yl)-1-methyl-2-oxabicyclo[2.2.2]octane; 1-(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-en-1-yl)-5-methyl-6-oxabicyclo[3.2.1]octane; spiro[cyclohex-3-en-1-yl-[(4,5,6,6a-tetrahydro-3,6',6',6'a-tetramethyl)-1,3'(3'aH)-[2H]cyclopenta[b]furan]; spiro[cyclohex-3-en-1-yl-[4,5,6,6a-tetrahydro-4,6',6',6'a-tetramethyl)-1,3'(3'aH)-[2H]cyclopenta[b]]furan] | 422-040-1 | — | Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-37-61 | | |
602-001-00-7 | chloromethane; methyl chloride | 200-817-4 | 74-87-3 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R48/20 | F+; Xn R: 12-40-48/20 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
602-002-00-2 | bromomethane; methylbromide | 200-813-2 | 74-83-9 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/25 Xn; R48/20 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 N; R59 | T; N R: 23/25-36/37/38-48/20-50-59-68 S: (1/2-)15-27-36/39-38-45-59-61 | | |
602-003-00-8 | dibromomethane | 200-824-2 | 74-95-3 | Xn; R20 R52-53 | Xn R: 20-52/53 S: (2-)24-61 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 12,5 % | |
602-004-00-3 | dichloromethane; methylene chloride | 200-838-9 | 75-09-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)23-24/25-36/37 | | |
602-005-00-9 | methyl iodide; iodomethane | 200-819-5 | 74-88-4 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R21 T; R23/25 Xi; R37/38 | T R: 21-23/25-37/38-40 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45 | | |
602-006-00-4 | trichloromethane; chloroform | 200-663-8 | 67-66-3 | Xn; R22-48/20/22 Xi; R38 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 22-38-40-48/20/22 S: (2-)36/37 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R48/20/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
602-007-00-X | bromoform; tribromomethane | 200-854-6 | 75-25-2 | T; R23 Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23-36/38-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-45-61 | | |
602-008-00-5 | carbon tetrachloride; tetrachloromethane | 200-262-8 | 56-23-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23/24/25-48/23 N; R59 R52-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-40-48/23-59-52/53 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-59-61 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 602-009-00-0 | chloroethane | 200-830-5 | 75-00-3 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 R52-53 | F+; Xn R: 12-40-52/53 S: (2-)9-16-33-36/37-61 | | |
602-010-00-6 | 1,2-dibromoethane | 203-444-5 | 106-93-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-36/37/38-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 602-011-00-1 | 1,1-dichloroethane | 200-863-5 | 75-34-3 | F; R11 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37 R52-53 | F; Xn R: 11-22-36/37-52/53 S: (2-)16-23-61 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 12,5 % | |
602-012-00-7 | 1,2-dichloroethane; ethylene dichloride | 203-458-1 | 107-06-2 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 | F; T R: 45-11-22-36/37/38 S: 53-45 | | E |
602-013-00-2 | 1,1,1-trichloroethane; methyl chloroform | 200-756-3 | 71-55-6 | Xn; R20 N; R59 | Xn; N R: 20-59 S: (2-)24/25-59-61 | | F |
602-014-00-8 | 1,1,2-trichloroethane | 201-166-9 | 79-00-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/21/22 R66 | Xn R: 20/21/22-40-66 S: (2-)9-36/37-46 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
602-015-00-3 | 1,1,2,2-tetrachloroethane | 201-197-8 | 79-34-5 | T+; R26/27 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 26/27-51/53 S: (1/2-)38-45-61 | | |
602-016-00-9 | 1,1,2,2-tetrabromoethane | 201-191-5 | 79-27-6 | T+; R26 Xi; R36 R52-53 | T+ R: 26-36-52/53 S: (1/2-)24-27-45-61 | | |
602-017-00-4 | pentachloroethane | 200-925-1 | 76-01-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R48/23 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 40-48/23-51/53 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-61 | T; R48/23: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R48/20: 0,2 % ≤ C 602-018-00-X | 1-chloropropane; [1] 2-chloropropane [2] | 208-749-7 [1] 200-858-8 [2] | 540-54-5 [1] 75-29-6 [2] | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22 S: (2-)9-29 | | C |
602-019-00-5 | 1-bromopropane; n-propyl bromide | 203-445-0 | 106-94-5 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 2; R60 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R48/20 Xi; R36/37/38 R67 | F; T R: 60-11-36/37/38-48/20-63-67 S: 53-45 | | E |
602-020-00-0 | 1,2-dichloropropane; propylene dichloride | 201-152-2 | 78-87-5 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/22 S: (2-)16-24 | | |
602-021-00-6 | 1,2-dibromo-3-chloropropane | 202-479-3 | 96-12-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 1; R60 T; R25 Xn; R48/20/22 R52-53 | T R: 45-46-60-25-48/20/22-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
602-022-00-1 | 1-chloropentane; [1] 2-chloropentane; [2] 3-chloropentane [3] | 208-846-4 [1] 210-885-7 [2] 210-467-4 [3] | 543-59-9 [1] 625-29-6 [2] 616-20-6 [3] | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22 S: (2-)9-29 | | C |
602-023-00-7 | vinyl chloride; chloroethylene | 200-831-0 | 75-01-4 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | F+; T R: 45-12 S: 53-45 | | D |
602-024-00-2 | bromoethylene | 209-800-6 | 593-60-2 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | F+; T R: 45-12 S: 53-45 | | |
602-025-00-8 | 1,1-dichloroethylene; vinylidene chloride | 200-864-0 | 75-35-4 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20 | F+; Xn R: 12-20-40 S: (2-)7-16-29-36/37-46 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 12,5 % | D |
602-026-00-3 | 1,2-dichloroethylene; [1] cis-dichloroethylene; [2] trans-dichloroethylene [3] | 208-750-2 [1] 205-859-7 [2] 205-860-2 [3] | 540-59-0 [1] 156-59-2 [2] 156-60-5 [3] | F; R11 Xn; R20 R52-53 | F; Xn R: 11-20-52/53 S: (2-)7-16-29-61 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 12,5 % | C |
602-027-00-9 | trichloroethylene; trichloroethene | 201-167-4 | 79-01-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 R67 Xi; R36/38 R52-53 | T R: 45-36/38-52/53-67 S: 53-45-61 | | |
602-028-00-4 | tetrachloroethylene | 204-825-9 | 127-18-4 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 40-51/53 S: (2-)23-36/37-61 | | |
602-029-00-X | 3-chloropropene; allyl chloride | 203-457-6 | 107-05-1 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/21/22-48/20 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | F; Xn; N R: 11-20/21/22-36/37/38-40-48/20-68-50 S: (2-)16-25-26-36/37-46-61 | | D |
602-030-00-5 | 1,3-dichloropropene; [1] (Z)-1,3-dichloropropene [2] | 208-826-5 [1] 233-195-8 [2] | 542-75-6 [1] 10061-01-5 [2] | R10 T; R25 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 10-20/21-25-36/37/38-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | DC |
602-031-00-0 | 1,1-dichloropropene | 209-253-3 | 563-58-6 | F; R11 T; R25 R52-53 | F; T R: 11-25-52/53 S: (1/2-)16-29-33-45-61 | | |
602-032-00-6 | 3-chloro-2-methylpropene | 209-251-2 | 563-47-3 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | F; C; N R: 11-20/22-34-43-51/53 S: (2-)9-16-26-29-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
602-033-00-1 | chlorobenzene | 203-628-5 | 108-90-7 | R10 Xn; R20 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 10-20-51/53 S: (2-)24/25-61 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 5 % | |
602-034-00-7 | 1,2-dichlorobenzene; o-dichlorobenzene | 202-425-9 | 95-50-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)23-60-61 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 5 % | |
602-035-00-2 | 1,4-dichlorobenzene; p-dichlorobenzene | 203-400-5 | 106-46-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 36-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
602-036-00-8 | chloroprene (stabilised); 2-chlorobuta-1,3-diene (stabilised) | 204-818-0 | 126-99-8 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R20/22-48/20 Xi; R36/37/38 | F; T R: 45-11-20/22-36/37/38-48/20 S: 53-45 | | D E |
602-037-00-3 | α-chlorotoluene; benzyl chloride | 202-853-6 | 100-44-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23 Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R37/38-41 | T R: 45-22-23-37/38-41-48/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
602-038-00-9 | α,α,α-trichlorotoluene; benzotrichloride | 202-634-5 | 98-07-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23 Xn; R22 Xi; R37/38-41 | T R: 45-22-23-37/38-41 S: 53-45 | | E |
602-039-00-4 | polychlorobiphenyls; PCB | 215-648-1 | 1336-36-3 | R33 N; R50-53 | N R: 33-50/53 S: (2-)-60-61 | R33: C ≥ 0,005 % | C |
602-040-00-X | 2-chlorotoluene; [1] 3-chlorotoluene; [2] 4-chlorotoluene; [3] chlorotoluene [4] | 202-424-3 [1] 203-580-5 [2] 203-397-0 [3] 246-698-2 [4] | 95-49-8 [1] 108-41-8 [2] 106-43-4 [3] 25168-05-2 [4] | Xn; R20 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20-51/53 S: (2-)24/25-61 | | C |
602-041-00-5 | penthachloronaphthalene | 215-320-8 | 1321-64-8 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-36/38-50/53 S: (2-)-60-61 | | C |
602-042-00-0 | 1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorcyclohexanes with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | A C |
602-043-00-6 | lindane (ISO) γ-HCH or γ-BHC; γ-1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorocyclohexane; | 200-401-2 | 58-89-9 | T; R25 Xn; R20/21-48/22 R64 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 20/21-25-48/22-64-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 602-044-00-1 | camphechlor (ISO) toxaphene; | 232-283-3 | 8001-35-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R25 Xn; R21 Xi; R37/38 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-37/38-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-045-00-7 | DDT (ISO); clofenotane (INN); dicophane; 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethane; dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane | 200-024-3 | 50-29-3 | T; R25-48/25 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-40-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-046-00-2 | heptachlor (ISO); 1,4,5,6,7,8,8-heptachloro-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindene | 200-962-3 | 76-44-8 | T; R24/25 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-33-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-047-00-8 | chlordane (ISO); 1,2,4,5,6,7,8,8-octachloro-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindan | 200-349-0 | 57-74-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
602-048-00-3 | aldrin (ISO) | 206-215-8 | 309-00-2 | T; R24/25-48/24/25 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-40-48/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-049-00-9 | dieldrin (ISO) | 200-484-5 | 60-57-1 | T+; R27 T; R25-48/25 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 25-27-40-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-050-00-4 | (1α,4α,4aβ,5β,8β,8aβ)-1,2,3,4,10,10-hexachloro-1,4,4a,5,8,8a-hexahydro-1,4:5,8-dimethanonaphfthalene; isodrin | 207-366-2 | 465-73-6 | T+; R26/27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-60-61 | | |
602-051-00-X | endrin (ISO); 1,2,3,4,10,10-hexachloro-6,7-epoxy-1,4,4a,5,6,7,8,8a-octahydro-1,4:5,8-dimethanonaphthalene | 200-775-7 | 72-20-8 | T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-052-00-5 | endosulfan (ISO); 1,2,3,4,7,7-hexachloro-8,9,10-trinorborn-2-en-5,6-ylenedimethyl sulphite | 204-079-4 | 115-29-7 | T; R24/25 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-36-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-053-00-0 | isobenzan (ISO); 1,3,4,5,6,7,8,8-octachloro-1,3,3a,4,7,7a-hexahydro-4,7-methanoisobenzofuran | 206-045-4 | 297-78-9 | T+; R27/28 N; R50 | T+; N R: 27/28-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
602-054-00-6 | 3-iodpropene; allyl iodide | 209-130-4 | 556-56-9 | R10 C; R34 | C R: 10-34 S: (1/2-)7-26-45 | | |
602-055-00-1 | bromoethane; ethyl bromide | 200-825-8 | 74-96-4 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/22-40 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
602-056-00-7 | α,α,α-trifluorotoluene; benzotrifluoride | 202-635-0 | 98-08-8 | F; R11 N; R51-53 | F; N R: 11-51/53 S: (2-)16-23-61 | | |
602-057-00-2 | α-bromotoluene; benzyl bromide | 202-847-3 | 100-39-0 | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)39 | | |
602-058-00-8 | α,α-dichlorotoluene; benzylidene chloride; benzal chloride | 202-709-2 | 98-87-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23 Xn; R22 Xi; R37/38-41 | T R: 22-23-37/38-40-41 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45 | | |
602-059-00-3 | 1-chlorobutane; butyl chloride | 203-696-6 | 109-69-3 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)9-16-29 | | |
602-060-00-9 | bromobenzene | 203-623-8 | 108-86-1 | R10 Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 10-38-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
602-061-00-4 | hexafluoropropene; hexafluoropropylene | 204-127-4 | 116-15-4 | Xn; R20 Xi; R37 | Xn R: 20-37 S: (2-)41 | | |
602-062-00-X | 1,2,3-trichloropropane | 202-486-1 | 96-18-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 2; R60 Xn; R20/21/22 | T R: 45-60-20/21/22 S: 53-45 | | E D |
602-063-00-5 | heptachlor epoxide; 2,3-epoxy-1,4,5,6,7,8,8-heptachloro-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methanoindane | 213-831-0 | 1024-57-3 | T; R25 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-33-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-064-00-0 | 1,3-dichloro-2-propanol | 202-491-9 | 96-23-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R25 Xn; R21 | T R: 45-21-25 S: 53-45 | | E |
602-065-00-6 | hexachlorobenzene | 204-273-9 | 118-74-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R48/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-48/25-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
602-066-00-1 | tetrachloro-p-benzoquinone | 204-274-4 | 118-75-2 | Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-50/53 S: (2-)37-60-61 | | |
602-067-00-7 | 1,3-dichlorbenzene | 208-792-1 | 541-73-1 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
602-068-00-2 | ethylene bis(trichloroacetate) | 219-732-9 | 2514-53-6 | Xi; R38 | Xi R: 38 S: (2-) | | |
602-069-00-8 | dichloroacetylene | — | 7572-29-4 | E; R2 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R48/20 | E; Xn R: 2-40-48/20 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
602-070-00-3 | 3-chloro-4,5,α, α,α-pentafluorotoluene | 401-930-3 | 77227-99-7 | R10 Xn; R20/22 N; R50-58 | Xn; N R: 10-20/22-50-58 S: (2-)51-60-61 | | |
602-071-00-9 | bromobenzylbromotoluene, reaction mass of isomers | 402-210-1 | 99688-47-8 | Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-41-60-61 | | |
602-072-00-4 | dichloro [(dichlorophenyl)methyl]methylbenzene, reaction mass of isomers; (dichlorophenyl)(dichlorotolyl)methane, reaction mass of isomers (IUPAC) | 278-404-3 | 76253-60-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
602-073-00-X | 1,4-dichlorobut-2-ene | 212-121-8 | 764-41-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T+; R26 T; R24/25 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 45-24/25-26-34-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 602-074-00-5 | pentachlorobenzene | 210-172-0 | 608-93-5 | F; R11 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | F; Xn; N R: 11-22-50/53 S: (2-)41-46-50-60-61 | | |
602-075-00-0 | 4,4,5,5-tetrachloro-1,3-dioxolan-2-one | 404-060-2 | 22432-68-4 | T+; R26 Xn; R22 C; R34 | T+ R: 22-26-34 S: (1/2-)9-26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
602-076-00-6 | 2,3,4-trichlorobut-1-ene | 219-397-9 | 2431-50-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-23-36/37/38-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
602-077-00-1 | dodecachloropentacyclo[5.2.1.02,6.03,9.05,8]decane; mirex | 219-196-6 | 2385-85-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 R64 Xn; R21/22 N; R50/53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-40-50/53-62-63-64 S: (2-)13-36/37-46-60-61 | | |
602-078-00-7 | hexachlorocyclopentadiene | 201-029-3 | 77-47-4 | T+; R26 T; R24 Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 22-24-26-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)25-39-45-53-60-61 | | |
602-079-00-2 | 2,3-dichloropropene; 2,3-dichloropropylene | 201-153-8 | 78-88-6 | F; R11 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R37/38-41 R52-53 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22-37/38-41-52/53-68 S: (2-)9-16-23-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
602-080-00-8 | alkanes, C10-13, chloro | 287-476-5 | 85535-84-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)24-36/37-60-61 | | |
602-081-00-3 | 2-chloro-4,5-difluorobenzoic acid | 405-380-5 | — | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R41 R43 | Xn R: 21/22-41-43 S: (2-)26-36/37/39 | | |
602-082-00-9 | 2,2,6,6-tetrakis(bromomethyl)-4-oxaheptane-1,7-diol | 408-020-5 | 109678-33-3 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-41-61 | | |
602-083-00-4 | diphenyl ether, pentabromo derivative pentabromodiphenyl ether | 251-084-2 | 32534-81-9 | Xn; R48/21/22 R64 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 48/21/22-50/53-64 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
602-084-00-X | 1,1-dichloro-1-fluoroethane | 404-080-1 | 1717-00-6 | R52-53 N; R59 | N R: 52/53-59 S: 59-61 | | |
602-085-00-5 | 2-bromopropane | 200-855-1 | 75-26-3 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 1; R60 Xn; R48/20 R66 | F; T R: 60-11-48/20-66 S: 53-45 | | E |
602-086-00-0 | trifluoroiodomethane; trifluoromethyl iodide | 219-014-5 | 2314-97-8 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | Xn R: 68 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
602-087-00-6 | 1,2,4-trichlorobenzene | 204-428-0 | 120-82-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-50/53 S: (2-)23-37/39-60-61 | | |
602-088-00-1 | 2,3-dibromopropan-1-ol; 2,3-dibromo-1-propanol | 202-480-9 | 96-13-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R24 Xn; R20/22 R52-53 | T R: 45-20/22-24-52/53-62 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
602-089-00-7 | 4-bromo-2-chlorofluorobenzene | 405-580-2 | 60811-21-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-60-61 | | |
602-090-00-2 | 1-allyl-3-chloro-4-fluorobenzene | 406-630-6 | 121626-73-1 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)23-37-61 | | |
602-091-00-8 | 1,3-dichloro-4-fluorobenzene | 406-160-1 | 1435-48-9 | Xn; R22-48/20/22 Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-48/20/22-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
602-092-00-3 | 1-bromo-3,4,5-trifluorobenzene | 418-480-9 | 138526-69-9 | R10 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 10-38-40-41-51/53 S: (2-)23-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
602-093-00-9 | α, α,α,4-tetrachlorotoluene; p-chlorobenzotrichloride | 226-009-1 | 5216-25-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R48/23 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R37/38 | T R: 45-21/22-37/38-48/23-62 S: 53-45 | | E |
602-094-00-4 | diphenylether; octabromo derivate | 251-087-9 | 32536-52-0 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | T R: 61-62 S: 53-45 | | |
602-096-00-5 | malachite green hydrochloride; [1] malachite green oxalate [2] | 209-322-8 [1] 219-441-7 [2] | 569-64-2 [1] 2437-29-8 [2] | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-63-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-39-46-60-61 | | |
602-097-00-0 | 1-bromo-9-(4,4,5,5,5-pentafluoropentylthio)nonane | 422-850-5 | 148757-89-5 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
603-001-00-X | methanol | 200-659-6 | 67-56-1 | F; R11 T; R23/24/25-39/23/24/25 | F; T R: 11-23/24/25-39/23/24/25 S: (1/2-)7-16-36/37-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 20 % Xn; R20/21/22: 3 % ≤ C 603-002-00-5 | ethanol; ethyl alcohol | 200-578-6 | 64-17-5 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)7-16 | | |
603-003-00-0 | propan-1-ol; n-propanol | 200-746-9 | 71-23-8 | F; R11 Xi; R41 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-41-67 S: (2-)7-16-24-26-39 | | |
603-004-00-6 | butan-1-ol; n-butanol | 200-751-6 | 71-36-3 | R10 Xn; R22 Xi; R37/38-41 R67 | Xn R: 10-22-37/38-41-67 S: (2-)7/9-13-26-37/39-46 | | |
603-005-00-1 | 2-methylpropan-2-ol; tert-butyl alcohol | 200-889-7 | 75-65-0 | F; R11 Xn; R20 | F; Xn R: 11-20 S: (2-)9-16 | | |
603-006-00-7 | pentanol isomers, with the exception fo those specified elsewhere in this Annex | 250-378-8 | | R10 Xn; R20 Xi; R37 R66 | Xn R: 10-20-37-66 S: (2-)46 | | C |
603-007-00-2 | 2-methylbutan-2-ol; tert-pentanol | 200-908-9 | 75-85-4 | F; R11 Xn; R20 Xi; R37/38 | F; Xn R: 11-20-37/38 S: (2-)46 | | |
603-008-00-8 | 4-methylpentan-2-ol; methyl isobutyl carbinol | 203-551-7 | 108-11-2 | R10 Xi; R37 | Xi R: 10-37 S: (2-)24/25 | Xi; R37: C ≥ 25 % | |
603-009-00-3 | cyclohexanol | 203-630-6 | 108-93-0 | Xn; R20/22 Xi; R37/38 | Xn R: 20/22-37/38 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
603-010-00-9 | 2-methylcyclohexanol, mixed isomers; [1] cis-2-methylcyclohexanol; [2] trans-2-methylcyclohexanol [3] | 209-512-0 [1] 231-187-9 [2] 231-186-3 [3] | 583-59-5 [1] 7443-70-1 [2] 7443-52-9 [3] | Xn; R20 | Xn R: 20 S: (2-)24/25 | | C |
603-011-00-4 | 2-methoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monomethyl ether | 203-713-7 | 109-86-4 | R10 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 Xn; R20/21/22 | T R: 60-61-10-20/21/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-012-00-X | 2-ethoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monoethyl ether | 203-804-1 | 110-80-5 | R10 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 Xn; R20/21/22 | T R: 60-61-10-20/21/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-013-00-5 | 2-isopropoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monoisopropyl ether | 203-685-6 | 109-59-1 | Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 20/21-36 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
603-014-00-0 | 2-butoxyethanol; ethylene glycol monobutyl ether; butyl cellosolve | 203-905-0 | 111-76-2 | Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/38 | Xn R: 20/21/22-36/38 S: (2-)36/37-46 | | |
603-015-00-6 | allyl alcohol | 203-470-7 | 107-18-6 | R10 T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | T; N R: 10-23/24/25-36/37/38-50 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-38-45-61 | | |
603-016-00-1 | 4-hydroxy-4-methylpentan-2-one; diacetone alcohol | 204-626-7 | 123-42-2 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)24/25 | Xi; R36: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-018-00-2 | furfuryl alcohol | 202-626-1 | 98-00-0 | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-) | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-019-00-8 | dimethyl ether | 204-065-8 | 115-10-6 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
603-020-00-3 | ethyl methyl ether | — | 540-67-0 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
603-021-00-9 | methyl vinyl ether | 203-475-4 | 107-25-5 | F+; R12 | F+ R: 12 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | D |
603-022-00-4 | diethyl ether; ether | 200-467-2 | 60-29-7 | F+; R12 R19 Xn; R22 R66 R67 | F+; Xn R: 12-19-22-66-67 S: (2-)9-16-29-33 | | |
603-023-00-X | ethylene oxide; oxirane | 200-849-9 | 75-21-8 | F+; R12 ⊗ Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 T; R23 Xi; R36/37/38 | F+; T R: 45-46-12-23-36/37/38 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-024-00-5 | 1,4-dioxane | 204-661-8 | 123-91-1 | F; R11-19 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xi; R36/37 R66 | F; Xn R: 11-19-36/37-40-66 S: (2-)9-16-36/37-46 | | D |
603-025-00-0 | tetrahydrofuran | 203-726-8 | 109-99-9 | F; R11-19 Xi; R36/37 | F; Xi R: 11-19-36/37 S: (2-)16-29-33 | Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 25 % | |
603-026-00-6 | 1-chloro-2,3-epoxypropane; epichlorhydrin | 203-439-8 | 106-89-8 | R10 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 C; R34 R43 | T R: 45-10-23/24/25-34-43 S: 53-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 603-027-00-1 | ethanediol; ethylene glycol | 203-473-3 | 107-21-1 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
603-028-00-7 | 2-chloroethanol; ethylene chlorohydrin | 203-459-7 | 107-07-3 | T+; R26/27/28 | T+ R: 26/27/28 S: (1/2-)7/9-28-45 | | |
603-029-00-2 | bis(2-chloroethyl) ether | 203-870-1 | 111-44-4 | R10 ⊗ Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T+; R26/27/28 | T+ R: 10-26/27/28-40 S: (1/2-)7/9-27-28-36/37-45 | | |
603-030-00-8 | 2-aminoethanol; ethanolamine | 205-483-3 | 141-43-5 | Xn; R20/21/22 C; R34 | C R: 20/21/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 603-031-00-3 | 1,2-dimethoxyethane; ethylene glycol dimethyl ether; EGDME | 203-794-9 | 110-71-4 | F; R11 R19 Repr. Cat. 2; R60 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R20 | F; T R: 60-61-11-19-20 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-032-00-9 | ethylene dinitrate; ethylene glycol dinitrate | 211-063-0 | 628-96-6 | E; R2 $ T+; R26/27/28 R33 | E; T+ R: 2-26/27/28-33 S: (1/2-)33-35-36/37-45 | | |
603-033-00-4 | oxydiethylene dinitrate; diethylene glycol dinitrate; digol dinitrate | 211-745-8 | 693-21-0 | E; R3 T+; R26/27/28 R33 R52-53 | E; T+ R: 3-26/27/28-33-52/53 S: (1/2-)33-35-36/37-45-61 | | |
603-034-00-X | glycerol trinitrate; nitroglycerine | 200-240-8 | 55-63-0 | E; R3 T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R51-53 | E; T+; N R: 3-26/27/28-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)33-35-36/37-45-61 | | |
603-035-00-5 | pentaerythritol tetranitrate; P.E.T.N. | 201-084-3 | 78-11-5 | E; R3 | E R: 3 S: (2-)35 | | |
603-036-00-0 | mannitol hexanitrate; nitromannite | 239-924-6 | 15825-70-4 | E; R3 | E R: 3 S: (2-)35 | | |
603-037-00-6 | cellulose nitrate; nitrocellulose, containing more than 12,6 % nitrogen | — | — | E; R3 $ R1 | E R: 1-3 S: (2-)35 | | |
603-037-01-3 | cellulose nitrate; nitrocellulose, containing a maximum of 12,6 % nitrogen | — | — | F; R11 $ | F R: 11 S: (2-)16-33-37/39 | | |
603-038-00-1 | allyl glycidyl ether; allyl 2,3-epoxypropyl ether; prop-2-en-1-yl 2,3-epoxypropyl ether | 203-442-4 | 106-92-3 | R10 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R37/38-41 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 10-20/22-37/38-40-41-43-52/53-62-68 S: (2-)24/25-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
603-039-00-7 | butyl glycidyl ether; butyl 2,3-epoxypropyl ether | 219-376-4 | 2426-08-6 | R10 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R37 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 10-20/22-37-40-43-52/53-68 S: (2-)24/25-36/37-61 | | |
603-040-00-2 | sodium methanolate; sodium methoxide; [1] potassium methanolate; potassium methoxide; [2] lithium methanolate; lithium methoxide [3] | 204-699-5 [1] 212-736-1 [2] 212-737-7 [3] | 124-41-4 [1] 865-33-8 [2] 865-34-9 [3] | F; R11 C; R34 R14 | F; C R: 11-14-34 S: (1/2-)8-16-26-43-45 | | |
603-041-00-8 | potassium ethanolate; potassium ethoxide; [1] sodium ethanolate; sodium ethoxide [2] | 213-029-0 [1] 205-487-5 [2] | 917-58-8 [1] 141-52-6 [2] | F; R11 C; R34 R14 | F; C R: 11-14-34 S: (1/2-)8-16-26-43-45 | | |
603-042-00-3 | aluminium-tri-isopropoxide | 209-090-8 | 555-31-7 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)8-16 | | |
603-043-00-9 | triarimol (ISO); 2,4-dichloro-α-(pyrimidin-5-yl) benzhydryl alcohol | — | 26766-27-8 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
603-044-00-4 | dicofol (ISO); 2,2,2-trichloro-1,1-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethanol | 204-082-0 | 115-32-2 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
603-045-00-X | diisopropyl ether; [1] dipropyl ether [2] | 203-560-6 [1] 203-869-6 [2] | 108-20-3 [1] 111-43-3 [2] | F; R11 R19 R66 R67 | F R: 11-19-66-67 S: (2-)9-16-29-33 | | C |
603-046-00-5 | bis (chloromethyl) ether; oxybis(chloromethane) | 208-832-8 | 542-88-1 | R10 $ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 T+; R26 T; R24 Xn; R22 | T+ R: 45-10-22-24-26 S: 53-45 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45: C ≥ 0,001 % | E |
603-047-00-0 | 2-dimethylaminoethanol; N,N-dimethylethanolamine | 203-542-8 | 108-01-0 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R34 | C R: 10-20/21/22-34 S: (1/2-)25-26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 603-048-00-6 | 2-diethylaminoethanol; N,N-diethylethanolamine | 202-845-2 | 100-37-8 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R34 | C R: 10-20/21/22-34 S: (1/2-)25-26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 603-049-00-1 | chlorfenethol (ISO); 1,1-bis (4-chlorophenyl) ethanol | 201-246-3 | 80-06-8 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)36-61 | | |
603-050-00-7 | 1-(2-Butoxypropoxy)propan-2-ol | 246-011-6 | 24083-03-2 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-) | | |
603-051-00-2 | 2-ethylbutan-1-ol | 202-621-4 | 97-95-0 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-) | | |
603-052-00-8 | 3-butoxypropan-2-ol; propylene glycol monobutyl ether | 225-878-4 | 5131-66-8 | Xi; R36/38 | Xi R: 36/38 S: (2-) | | |
603-053-00-3 | 2-methylpentane-2,4-diol | 203-489-0 | 107-41-5 | Xi; R36/38 | Xi R: 36/38 S: (2-) | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-054-00-9 | di-n-butyl ether; dibutyl ether | 205-575-3 | 142-96-1 | R10 Xi; R36/37/38 R52-53 | Xi R: 10-36/37/38-52/53 S: (2-)61 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-055-00-4 | propylene oxide; 1,2-epoxypropane; methyloxirane | 200-879-2 | 75-56-9 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/37/38 | F+; T R: 45-46-12-20/21/22-36/37/38 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-056-00-X | [(p-tolyloxy)methyl]oxirane; [1] [(m-tolyloxy)methyl]oxirane; [2] 2,3-epoxypropyl o-tolyl ether; [3] [(tolyloxy)methyl]oxirane; cresyl glycidyl ether [4] | 218-574-8 [1] 218-575-3 [2] 218-645-3 [3] 247-711-4 [4] | 2186-24-5 [1] 2186-25-6 [2] 2210-79-9 [3] 26447-14-3 [4] | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xi; R38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 38-43-51/53-68 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | C |
603-057-00-5 | benzyl alcohol | 202-859-9 | 100-51-6 | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-)26 | | |
603-058-00-0 | 1,3-propylene oxide | 207-964-3 | 503-30-0 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22 S: (2-)9-16-26-29 | | |
603-059-00-6 | hexan-1-ol | 203-852-3 | 111-27-3 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
603-060-00-1 | 2,2'-bioxirane; 1,2:3,4-diepoxybutane | 215-979-1 | 1464-53-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 T+; R26 T; R24/25 C; R34 | T+ R: 45-46-24/25-26-34 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-061-00-7 | tetrahydro-2-furylmethanol; tetrahydrofurfuryl alcohol | 202-625-6 | 97-99-4 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)39 | Xi; R36: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-062-00-2 | tetrahydrofuran-2,5-diyldimethanol | 203-239-0 | 104-80-3 | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)39 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-063-00-8 | 2,3-epoxypropan-1-ol; glycidol; oxiranemethanol | 209-128-3 | 556-52-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 2; R60 T; R23 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/37/38 | T R: 45-60-21/22-23-36/37/38-68 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-064-00-3 | 1-methoxy-2-propanol; monopropylene glycol methyl ether | 203-539-1 | 107-98-2 | R10 | R: 10 S: (2-)24 | | |
603-065-00-9 | resorcinol diglycidyl ether; 1,3-bis(2,3-epoxypropoxy)benzene | 202-987-5 | 101-90-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/38 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 21/22-36/38-40-43-52/53-68 S: (2-)23-36/37-61 | | |
603-066-00-4 | 1,2-epoxy-4-epoxyethylcyclohexane; vinylcyclohexane diepoxide | 203-437-7 | 106-87-6 | T; R23/24/25 Xn; R68 | T R: 23/24/25-68 S: (1/2-)23-24-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 1 %: Xn; R20/21/22: 0,1 % ≤ C 603-067-00-X | phenyl glycidyl ether; 2,3-epoxypropyl phenyl ether; 1,2-epoxy-3-phenoxypropane | 204-557-2 | 122-60-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20 Xi; R37/38 R43 R52-53 | T R: 45-20-37/38-43-68-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
603-068-00-5 | 2,3-epoxypropyl-2-ethylcyclohexyl ether; ethylcyclohexylglycidyl ether | — | 130014-35-6 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)26-28-37/39 | | |
603-069-00-0 | 2,4,6-tris(dimethylaminomethyl)phenol | 202-013-9 | 90-72-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 | Xn R: 22-36/38 S: (2-)26-28 | | |
603-070-00-6 | 2-amino-2-methylpropanol | 204-709-8 | 124-68-5 | Xi; R36/38 R52-53 | Xi R: 36/38-52/53 S: (2-)61 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
603-071-00-1 | 2,2'-iminodiethanol; diethanolamine | 203-868-0 | 111-42-2 | Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R38-41 | Xn R: 22-38-41-48/22 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-46 | | |
603-072-00-7 | 1,4-bis(2,3 epoxypropoxy)butane; butanedioldiglycidyl ether | 219-371-7 | 2425-79-8 | Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xn R: 20/21-36/38-43 S: (2-)26-28-37/39 | | |
603-073-00-2 | bis-[4-(2,3-epoxipropoxi)phenyl]propane | 216-823-5 | 1675-54-3 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)28-37/39 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-074-00-8 | reaction product: bisphenol-A-(epichlorhydrin); epoxy resin (number average molecular weight ≤ 700) | 500-033-5 | 25068-38-6 | Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-43-51/53 S: (2-)28-37/39-61 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 5 % | |
603-075-00-3 | chlormethyl methyl ether; chlorodimethyl ether | 203-480-1 | 107-30-2 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R20/21/22 | F; T R: 45-11-20/21/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-076-00-9 | but-2-yne-1,4-diol; 2-butyne-1,4-diol | 203-788-6 | 110-65-6 | C; R34 T; R23/25 Xn; R21-48/22 R43 | C; T R: 21-23/25-34-43-48/22 S: (1/2-)25-26-36/37/39-45-46 | C; R34: C ≥ 50 % Xi; R36/38: 25 % ≤ C 603-077-00-4 | 1-dimethylaminopropan-2-ol; dimepranol (INN) | 203-556-4 | 108-16-7 | R10 Xn; R22 C; R34 | C R: 10-22-34 S: (1/2-)23-26-36-45 | | |
603-078-00-X | prop-2-yn-1-ol; propargyl alcohol | 203-471-2 | 107-19-7 | R10 T; R23/24/25 C; R34 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 10-23/24/25-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36-45-61 | | |
603-079-00-5 | 2,2'-(methylimino)diethanol; N-methyldiethanolamine | 203-312-7 | 105-59-9 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)24 | | |
603-080-00-0 | 2-methylaminoethanol; N-methylethanolamine; N-methyl-2-ethanolamine; N-methyl-2-amino ethanol; 2-(methylamino)ethanol | 203-710-0 | 109-83-1 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | C R: 21/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 603-081-00-6 | 2,2'-thiodiethanol; thiodiglycol | 203-874-3 | 111-48-8 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-) | | |
603-082-00-1 | 1-aminopropan-2-ol; isopropanolamine | 201-162-7 | 78-96-6 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)23-26-36-45 | | |
603-083-00-7 | 1,1'-iminodipropan-2-ol; di-isopropanolamine | 203-820-9 | 110-97-4 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)26 | | |
603-084-00-2 | styrene oxide; (epoxyethyl)benzene; phenyloxirane | 202-476-7 | 96-09-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R21 Xi; R36 | T R: 45-21-36 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-085-00-8 | bronopol (INN); 2-bromo-2-nitropropane-1,3-diol | 200-143-0 | 52-51-7 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R37/38-41 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 21/22-37/38-41-50 S: (2-)26-37/39-61 | | |
603-086-00-3 | ethirimol (ISO); 5-butyl-2-ethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-ol | 245-949-3 | 23947-60-6 | Xn; R21 | Xn R: 21 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
603-087-00-9 | 2-ethylhexane-1,3-diol; octylene glycol; ethoexadiol | 202-377-9 | 94-96-2 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)25-26-39-46 | | |
603-088-00-4 | 2-(octylthio)ethanol; 2-hydroxyethyl octyl sulphide | 222-598-4 | 3547-33-9 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26 | | |
603-089-00-X | 7,7-dimethyl-3-oxa-6-azaoctan-1-ol | 400-390-6 | — | C; R35 Xn; R22 | C R: 22-35 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
603-090-00-5 | 2-(2-bromoethoxy)anisole | 402-010-4 | 4463-59-6 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
603-091-00-0 | exo-1-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)-7-oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-2-ol | 402-470-6 | 87172-89-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 | Xn R: 22-41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
603-092-00-6 | 2-methyl-4-phenylpentanol | 402-770-7 | 92585-24-5 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
603-093-00-1 | cinmethylin (ISO) exo-(±)-1-methyl-2-(2-methylbenzyloxy)-4-isopropyl-7-oxabicyclo(2.2.1)heptane | 402-410-9 | 87818-31-3 | Xn; R20 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20-51/53 S: (2-)23-61 | | |
603-094-00-7 | 1,3-bis(2,3-epoxypropoxy)-2,2-dimethylpropane | 241-536-7 | 17557-23-2 | Xi; R38 R43 | Xi R: 38-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
603-095-00-2 | 2-(propyloxy)ethanol; EGPE | 220-548-6 | 2807-30-9 | Xn; R21 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 21-36 S: (2-)26-36/37-46 | | |
603-096-00-8 | 2-(2-butoxyethoxy)ethanol; diethylene glycol monobutyl ether | 203-961-6 | 112-34-5 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)24-26 | | |
603-097-00-3 | 1,1',1''-nitrilotripropan-2-ol; triisopropanolamine | 204-528-4 | 122-20-3 | Xi; R36 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
603-098-00-9 | 2-phenoxyethanol | 204-589-7 | 122-99-6 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-)26 | | |
603-099-00-4 | 3-(N-methyl-N-(4-methylamino-3-nitrophenyl)amino)propane-1,2-diol hydrochloride | 403-440-5 | 93633-79-5 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
603-100-00-8 | 1,2-dimethoxypropane | 404-630-0 | 7778-85-0 | F; R11-19 | F R: 11-19 S: (2-)9-16-24/25-33 | | |
603-101-00-3 | tetrahydro-2-isobutyl-4-methylpyran-4-ol, mixed isomers (cis and trans) | 405-040-6 | — | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)25-26 | | |
603-102-00-9 | 1,2-epoxybutane | 203-438-2 | 106-88-7 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/37/38 R52-53 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22-36/37/38-40-52/53 S: (2-)9-16-29-36/37-61 | | |
603-103-00-4 | oxirane, mono[(C12-14-alkyloxy)methyl] derivs. | 271-846-8 | 68609-97-2 | Xi; R38 R43 | Xi R: 38-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
603-104-00-X | fenarimol (ISO); 2,4'-dichloro-α-(pyrimidin-5-yl)benzhydryl alcohol | 262-095-7 | 60168-88-9 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 R64 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 51/53-62-63-64 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
603-105-00-5 | furan | 203-727-3 | 110-00-9 | F+; R12 R19 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/22-48/22 Xi; R38 R52-53 | F+; T R: 45-12-19-20/22-38-48/22-68-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
603-106-00-0 | 2-methoxypropanol | 216-455-5 | 1589-47-5 | R10 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xi; R37/38-41 | T R: 61-10-37/38-41 S: 53-45 | | |
603-107-00-6 | 2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethanol; diethylene glycol monomethyl ether | 203-906-6 | 111-77-3 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | Xn R: 63 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
603-108-00-1 | 2-methylpropan-1-ol; iso-butanol | 201-148-0 | 78-83-1 | R10 Xi; R37/38-41 R67 | Xi R: 10-37/38-41-67 S: (2-)7/9-13-26-37/39-46 | | |
603-117-00-0 | propan-2-ol; isopropyl alcohol; isopropanol | 200-661-7 | 67-63-0 | F; R11 Xi; R36 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-36-67 S: (2-)7-16-24/25-26 | | |
603-118-00-6 | 6-dimethylaminohexan-1-ol | 404-680-3 | 1862-07-3 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 22-34-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
603-119-00-1 | 1,1'-(1,3-phenylenedioxy)bis(3-(2-(prop-2-enyl)phenoxy)propan-2-ol) | 405-840-5 | — | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
603-120-00-7 | 2-methyl-5-phenylpentanol | 405-890-8 | 25634-93-9 | Xi; R36/38 | Xi R: 36/38 S: (2-)26-37 | | |
603-121-00-2 | 4-[4-(1,3-dihydroxyprop-2-yl)phenylamino]-1,8-dihydroxy-5-nitroanthraquinone | 406-057-1 | 114565-66-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 R43 R53 | Xn R: 40-43-53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
603-122-00-8 | sodium 2-ethylhexanolate | 406-150-7 | 38411-13-1 | F; R11 C; R34 R52-53 | F; C R: 11-34-52/53 S: (1/2-)7-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
603-123-00-3 | 4-methyl-8-methylenetricyclo[3.3.1.13,7]decan-2-ol | 406-330-5 | 122760-84-3 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
603-124-00-9 | 1,4-bis[2-(vinyloxy)ethoxy]benzene | 406-900-3 | 84563-49-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
603-125-00-4 | 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-4-en-2-ol | 407-850-5 | 89544-40-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
603-126-00-X | 2-((4-methyl-2-nitrophenyl)amino)ethanol | 408-090-7 | 100418-33-5 | Xn; R22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-43-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
603-127-00-5 | butan-2-ol; [1] (S)-butan-2-ol; [2] (R)-butan-2-ol; [3] (±)-butan-2-ol [4] | 201-158-5 [1] 224-168-1 [2] 238-967-8 [3] 240-029-8 [4] | 78-92-2 [1] 4221-99-2 [2] 14898-79-4 [3] 15892-23-6 [4] | R10 Xi; R36/37 R67 | Xi R: 10-36/37-67 S: (2-)7/9-13-24/25-26-46 | | C |
603-128-00-0 | 2-(phenylmethoxy)naphthalene | 405-490-3 | 613-62-7 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
603-129-00-6 | 1-tert-butoxypropan-2-ol | 406-180-0 | 57018-52-7 | R10 Xi; R41 | Xi R: 10-41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
603-130-00-1 | reaction mass of isomers of: α-((dimethyl)biphenyl)-ω-hydroxypoly(oxyethylene) | 406-325-8 | — | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)39-61 | | |
603-131-00-7 | reaction mass of: 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxododecyl)amino]-D-glucitol; 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxotetradecyl)amino]-D-glucitol (3:1) | 407-290-1 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
603-132-00-2 | 2-hydroxymethyl-9-methyl-6-(1-methylethyl)-1,4-dioxaspiro[4.5]decane | 408-200-3 | 63187-91-7 | Xi; R38-41 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-41-52/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-61 | | |
603-133-00-8 | reaction mass of: 3-[(4-amino-2-chloro-5-nitrophenyl)amino]-propane-1,2-diol; 3,3'-(2-chloro-5-nitro-1,4-phenylenediimino)bis(propan-1,2-diol) | 408-240-1 | — | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
603-134-00-3 | reaction mass of substituted dodecyl and/or tetradecyl, diphenyl ethers. The substance is produced by the Friedel Crafts reaction. The catalyst is removed from the reaction product. Diphenyl ether is substituted by C1-C10 alkyl groups. The alkyl groups are bonded randomly between C1 and C6. Linear C12 and C14, 50/50 used. | 410-450-3 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
603-135-00-9 | bis[[2,2',2''-nitrilotris-[ethanolato]]-1-N,O]-bis[2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethoxy]-titanium | 410-500-4 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
603-136-00-4 | 3-((4-(bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)-2-nitrophenyl)amino)-1-propanol | 410-910-3 | 104226-19-9 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
603-137-00-X | reaction mass of: 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxohexadecyl)amino]-D-glucitol; 1-deoxy-1-[methyl-(1-oxooctadecyl)amino]-D-glucitol | 411-130-6 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
603-138-00-5 | 3-(2,2-dimethyl-3-hydroxypropyl)toluene; (alt.): 2,2-dimethyl-3-(3-methylphenyl)propanol | 403-140-4 | 103694-68-4 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
603-139-00-0 | bis(2-methoxyethyl) ether | 203-924-4 | 111-96-6 | R10 R19 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 | T R: 60-61-10-19 S: 53-45 | | |
603-140-00-6 | 2,2' -oxybisethanol; diethylene glycol | 203-872-2 | 111-46-6 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)46 | | |
603-141-00-1 | reaction mass of: dodecyloxy-1-methyl-1-[oxy-poly-(2-hydroxymethylethanoxy)]pentadecane; dodecyloxy-1-methyl-1-[oxy-poly-(2-hydroxymethylethanoxy)]heptadecane | 413-780-6 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
603-142-00-7 | 2-(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl)-2-aza-bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane | 407-360-1 | 116230-20-7 | Xn; R21/22-48/20 Xi; R38-41 | Xn R: 21/22-38-41-48/20 S: (2-)26-36/37/39 | | |
603-143-00-2 | R-2,3-epoxy-1-propanol | 404-660-4 | 57044-25-4 | E; R2 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 2; R60 T; R23 Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | E; T R: 45-60-2-21/22-23-34-68 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-144-00-8 | reaction mass of: 2,6,9-trimethyl-2,5,9-cyclododecatrien-1-ol; 6,9-dimethyl-2-methylen-5,9-cyclododecadien-1-ol | 413-530-6 | 111850-00-1 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
603-145-00-3 | 2-isopropyl-2-(1-methylbutyl)-1,3-dimethoxypropane | 406-970-5 | 129228-11-1 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
603-146-00-9 | 2-[(2-[2-(dimethylamino)ethoxy]ethyl)methylamino]ethanol | 406-080-7 | 83016-70-0 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 22-34-52/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
603-147-00-4 | (-)-trans-4-(4'-fluorophenyl)-3-hydroxymethyl-N-methylpiperidine | 406-030-4 | 105812-81-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39-61 | | |
603-148-00-X | 1,4-bis[(vinyloxy)methyl]cyclohexane | 413-370-7 | 17351-75-6 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
603-149-00-5 | reaction mass of diastereoisomers of 1-(1-hydroxyethyl)-4-(1-methylethyl)cyclohexane | 407-640-3 | 63767-86-2 | Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-37-61 | | |
603-150-00-0 | (±) trans-3,3-dimethyl-5-(2,2,3-trimethyl-cyclopent-3-en-1-yl)-pent-4-en-2-ol | 411-580-3 | 107898-54-4 | Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-50/53 S: (2-)24/25-37-60-61 | | |
603-151-00-6 | (±)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)propan-1-ol | 413-570-4 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
603-152-00-1 | 2-(4-tert-butylphenyl)ethanol | 410-020-5 | 5406-86-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 41-48/22-62-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
603-153-00-7 | 3-((2-nitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)amino)propane-1,2-diol | 410-010-0 | 104333-00-8 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
603-154-00-2 | 1-[(2-tert-butyl)cyclohexyloxy]-2-butanol | 412-300-2 | 139504-68-0 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
603-155-00-8 | Reaction products of 2-(4,6-bis(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-hydroxyphenol with ((C10-16, rich in C12-13 alkyloxy)methyl)oxyrane | 410-560-1 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
603-156-00-3 | 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(2-propenyl)oxirane | 411-210-0 | 89544-48-9 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
603-157-00-9 | 6,9-bis(hexadecyloxymethyl)-4,7-dioxanonane-1,2,9-triol | 411-450-6 | 143747-72-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
603-158-00-4 | reaction mass of 4 diastereoisomers of 2,7-dimethyl-10-(1-methylethyl)-1-oxaspiro[4.5]deca-3,6-diene | 412-460-3 | — | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
603-159-00-X | 2-cyclododecylpropan-1-ol | 411-410-8 | 118562-73-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
603-160-00-5 | 1,2-diethoxypropane | 412-180-1 | 10221-57-5 | F; R11 R19 | F R: 11-19 S: (2-)9-16-24-33 | | |
603-161-00-0 | 1,3-diethoxypropane | 413-140-6 | 3459-83-4 | R10 | R: 10 S: (2-)9-24 | | |
603-162-00-6 | α[2-[[[(2-hydroxyethyl)methylamino]acetyl]amino]propyl]-ω-(nonylphenoxy)poly[oxo(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)] | 413-420-8 | 144736-29-8 | C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
603-163-00-1 | 2-phenyl-1,3-propanediol | 411-810-2 | 1570-95-2 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
603-164-00-7 | 2-butyl-4-chloro-4,5-dihydro-5-hydroxymethyl-1-[2'-(2-triphenylmethyl-1,2,3,4-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)-1,1'-biphenyl-4-methyl]-1H-imidazole | 412-420-5 | 133909-99-6 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
603-165-00-2 | reaction mass of: 4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol; 4-allyl-6-[3-[6-[3-[6-[3-(4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy)-2-hydroxypropyl]-4-allyl-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy]-2-hydroxypropyl]-4-allyl-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy]-2-hydroxypropyl]-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol; 4-allyl-6-[3-(4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy)-2-hydroxypropyl]-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol; 4-allyl-6-[3-[6-[3-(4-allyl-2,6-bis(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy)-2-hydroxypropyl]-4-allyl-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenoxy]-2-hydroxypropyl]-2-(2,3-epoxypropyl)phenol | 417-470-1 | — | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 R43 | Xn R: 43-68 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
603-166-00-8 | R-1-chloro-2,3-epoxypropane | 424-280-2 | 51594-55-9 | R10 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 C; R34 R43 | T R: 45-10-23/24/25-34-43 S: 53-45 | | E |
603-167-00-3 | 3,3',5,5'-tetra-tert-butylbiphenyl-2,2'-diol | 407-920-5 | 6390-69-8 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
603-168-00-9 | 3-(2-ethylhexyloxy)propane-1,2-diol | 408-080-2 | 70445-33-9 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
603-169-00-4 | (±)-trans-4-(4-fluorophenyl)-3-hydroxymethyl-N-methylpiperidine | 415-550-0 | 109887-53-8 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
603-170-00-X | reaction mass of: 2-methyl-1-(6-methylbicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-2-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol; 2-methyl-1-(1-methylbicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-2-yl)-pent-1-en-3-ol; 2-methyl-1-(5-methylbicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-2-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol | 415-990-3 | 67739-11-1 | Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
603-171-00-5 | 5-thiazolylmethanol | 414-780-9 | 38585-74-9 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
603-172-00-0 | mono-2-[2-(4-dibenzo[b,f][1,4]thiazepin-11-yl)piperazinium-1-yl]ethoxy)ethanol trans-butenedioate | 415-180-1 | 773058-82-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
603-173-00-6 | 4,4-dimethyl-3,5,8-trioxabicyclo[5.1.0]octane | 421-750-9 | 57280-22-5 | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)26-36/37 | | |
603-174-00-1 | 4-cyclohexyl-2-methyl-2-butanol | 420-630-3 | 83926-73-2 | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
603-175-00-7 | 2-(2-hexyloxyethoxy)ethanol; DEGHE; diethylene glycol monohexyl ether; 3,6-dioxa-1-dodecanol; hexyl carbitol; 3,6-dioxadodecan-1-ol | 203-988-3 | 112-59-4 | Xn; R21 Xi; R41 | Xn R: 21-41 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-46 | | |
603-176-00-2 | 1,2-bis(2-methoxyethoxy)ethane; TEGDME; triethylene glycol dimethyl ether; triglyme | 203-977-3 | 112-49-2 | R19 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | T R: 61-19-62 S: 53-45 | | |
603-177-00-8 | 1-ethoxypropan-2-ol; 2PG1EE; 1-ethoxy-2-propanol; propylene glycol monoethyl ether; [1] 2-ethoxy-1-methylethyl acetate; 2PG1EEA [2] | 216-374-5 [1] 259-370-9 [2] | 1569-02-4 [1] 54839-24-6 [2] | R10 R67 | R: 10-67 S: (2-)24 | | |
603-178-00-3 | 2-hexyloxyethanol; ethylene glycol monohexyl ether; n-hexylglycol | 203-951-1 | 112-25-4 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | C R: 21/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
603-179-00-9 | ergocalciferol (ISO); Vitamin D2 | 200-014-9 | 50-14-6 | T+; R26 T; R24/25-48/25 | T+ R: 24/25-26-48/25 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
603-180-00-4 | colecalciferol; Vitamin D3 | 200-673-2 | 67-97-0 | T+; R26 T; R24/25-48/25 | T+ R: 24/25-26-48/25 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
603-181-00-X | tert-butyl methyl ether; MTBE; 2-methoxy-2-methylpropane | 216-653-1 | 1634-04-4 | F; R11 Xi; R38 | F; Xi R: 11-38 S: (2-)9-16-24 | | |
603-183-00-0 | 2-[2-(2-butoxyethoxy)ethoxy]ethanol; TEGBE; triethylene glycol monobutyl ether; butoxytriethylene glycol | 205-592-6 | 143-22-6 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39-46 | Xi; R41: C ≥ 30 % Xi; R36: 20 % ≤ C 603-184-00-6 | 2-(hydroxymethyl)-2-[[2-hydroxy-3-(isooctadecyloxy)propoxy]methyl]-1,3-propanediol | 416-380-1 | 146925-83-9 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
603-185-00-1 | 2,4-dichloro-3-ethyl-6-nitrophenol | 420-740-1 | 99817-36-4 | T; R25 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-41-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
603-186-00-7 | trans-(5RS,6SR)-6-amino-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxepan-5-ol | 419-050-3 | 79944-37-9 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24/25-26-37 | | |
603-187-00-2 | 2-((4,6-bis(4-(2-(1-methylpyridinium-4-yl)vinyl)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)ethanol dichloride | 419-360-9 | 163661-77-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
603-189-00-3 | reaction mass of complexes of: titanium, 2,2'-oxydiethanol, ammonium lactate, nitrilotris(2-propanol) and ethylene glycol | 405-250-8 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
603-191-00-4 | 2-(4,6-bis(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-(3-((2-ethylhexyl)oxy)-2-hydroxypropoxy)phenol | 419-740-4 | 137658-79-8 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
603-195-00-6 | 2-[4-(4-methoxyphenyl)-6-phenyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-phenol | 430-810-3 | 154825-62-4 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
603-196-00-1 | 2-(7-ethyl-1H-indol-3-yl)ethanol | 431-020-1 | 41340-36-7 | Xn; 22-48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)36/37/39-61 | | |
603-197-00-7 | tebuconazole (ISO); 1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol | 403-640-2 | 107534-96-3 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53-63 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
603-199-00-8 | etoxazol (ISO); (RS)-5-tert-butyl-2-[2-(2,6-difluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazol-4-yl]phenetole | — | 153233-91-1 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 604-001-00-2 | phenol; carbolic acid; monohydroxybenzene; phenylalcohol | 203-632-7 | 108-95-2 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/20/21/22 C; R34 | T; R: 23/24/25-34-48/20/21/22-68 S: (1/2-)24/25-26-28-36/37/39-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 10 % Xn; R20/21/22: 3 % ≤ C 604-002-00-8 | pentachlorophenol | 201-778-6 | 87-86-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T+; R26 T; R24/25 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-36/37/38-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-52-60-61 | | |
604-003-00-3 | sodium pentachlorophenolate; [1] potassium pentachlorophenolate [2] | 205-025-2 [1] 231-911-3 [2] | 131-52-2 [1] 7778-73-6 [2] | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T+; R26 T; R24/25 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-36/37/38-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-28-36/37-45-52-60-61 | | |
604-004-00-9 | m-cresol; [1] o-cresol; [2] p-cresol; [3] mix-cresol [4] | 203-577-9 [1] 202-423-8 [2] 203-398-6 [3] 215-293-2 [4] | 108-39-4 [1] 95-48-7 [2] 106-44-5 [3] 1319-77-3 [4] | T; R24/25 C; R34 | T R: 24/25-34 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45 | T; R24/25: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R21/22: 1 % ≤ C 604-005-00-4 | 1,4-dihydroxybenzene; hydroquinone; quinol | 204-617-8 | 123-31-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-40-41-43-50-68 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
604-006-00-X | 3,4-xylenol; [1] 2,5-xylenol; [2] 2,4-xylenol; [3] 2,3-xylenol; [4] 2,6-xylenol; [5] xylenol; [6] 2,4(or 2,5)-xylenol [7] | 202-439-5 [1] 202-461-5 [2] 203-321-6 [3] 208-395-3 [4] 209-400-1 [5] 215-089-3 [6] 276-245-4 [7] | 95-65-8 [1] 95-87-4 [2] 105-67-9 [3] 526-75-0 [4] 576-26-1 [5] 1300-71-6 [6] 71975-58-1 [7] | T; R24/25 C; R34 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 24/25-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | C |
604-007-00-5 | 2-naphthol | 205-182-7 | 135-19-3 | Xn; R20/22 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 20/22-50 S: (2-)24/25-61 | | |
604-008-00-0 | 2-chlorophenol; [1] 4-chlorophenol; [2] 3-chlorophenol; [3] chlorophenol [4] | 202-433-2 [1] 203-402-6 [2] 203-582-6 [3] 246-691-4 [4] | 95-57-8 [1] 106-48-9 [2] 108-43-0 [3] 25167-80-0 [4] | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-51/53 S: (2-)28-61 | | C |
604-009-00-6 | pyrogallol; 1,2,3-trihydroxybenzene | 201-762-9 | 87-66-1 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/21/22 R52-53 | Xn R: 20/21/22-68-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 10 % | |
604-010-00-1 | resorcinol; 1,3-benzenediol | 203-585-2 | 108-46-3 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-36/38-50 S: (2-)26-61 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 10 % | |
604-011-00-7 | 2,4-dichlorophenol | 204-429-6 | 120-83-2 | T; R24 Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 22-24-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
604-012-00-2 | 4-chloro-o-cresol; 4-chloro-2-methyl phenol | 216-381-3 | 1570-64-5 | T; R23 C; R35 N; R50 | T; C; N R: 23-35-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 604-013-00-8 | 2,3,4,6-tetrachlorophenol | 200-402-8 | 58-90-2 | T; R25 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-36/38-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-37-45-60-61 | T; R25: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R22: 0,5 % ≤ C 604-014-00-3 | chlorocresol; 4-chloro-m-cresol; 4-chloro-3-methylphenol | 200-431-6 | 59-50-7 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 21/22-41-43-50 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | Xn; R21/22: C ≥ 10 % | |
604-015-00-9 | 2,2'-methylenebis-(3,4,6-trichlorophenol); hexachlorophene | 200-733-8 | 70-30-4 | T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)20-37-45-60-61 | T; R24/25: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 604-016-00-4 | 1,2-dihydroxybenzene; pyrocatechol | 204-427-5 | 120-80-9 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/38 | Xn R: 21/22-36/38 S: (2-)22-26-37 | | |
604-017-00-X | 2,4,5-trichlorophenol | 202-467-8 | 95-95-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/38-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-60-61 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 20 % Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 5 % | |
604-018-00-5 | 2,4,6-trichlorophenol | 201-795-9 | 88-06-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/38-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
604-019-00-0 | dichlorophen (ISO) | 202-567-1 | 97-23-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-50/53 S: (2-)26-60-61 | | |
604-020-00-6 | 2-phenylphenol (ISO); biphenyl-2-ol; 2-hydroxybiphenyl; | 201-993-5 | 90-43-7 | Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-50 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
604-021-00-1 | sodium 2-biphenylate; 2-phenylphenol, sodium salt | 205-055-6 | 132-27-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37/38-41 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-37/38-41-50 S: (2-)22-26-61 | | |
604-022-00-7 | 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-benzodioxol-4-ol | 400-900-7 | 22961-82-6 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)24-26-39 | | |
604-023-00-2 | 2,4-dichloro-3-ethylphenol | 401-060-4 | — | C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/39-45-60-61 | | |
604-024-00-8 | 4,4-isobutylethylidenediphenol | 401-720-1 | 6807-17-6 | Repr. Cat. 2; R60 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 60-36-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
604-025-00-3 | 2,5-bis(1,1-dimethylbutyl)hydroquinone | 400-220-0 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
604-026-00-9 | 2,2-spirobi(6-hydroxy-4,4,7-trimethylchromane) | 400-270-3 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
604-027-00-4 | 2-methyl-5-(1,1,3,3-tetramethylbutyl)hydroquinone | 400-530-6 | — | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24/25-26-37-61 | | |
604-028-00-X | 4-amino-3-fluorophenol | 402-230-0 | 399-95-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-43-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
604-029-00-5 | 1-naphtol | 201-969-4 | 90-15-3 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R37/38-41 | Xn R: 21/22-37/38-41 S: (2-)22-26-37/39 | | |
604-030-00-0 | bisphenol A; 4,4'-isopropylidenediphenol | 201-245-8 | 80-05-7 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xi; R37-41 R43 | Xn R: 37-41-43-62 S: (2-)26-36/37-39-46 | | |
604-031-00-6 | guaiacol | 201-964-7 | 90-05-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 | Xn R: 22-36/38 S: (2-)26 | | |
604-032-00-1 | thymol | 201-944-8 | 89-83-8 | Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 22-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
604-033-00-7 | isobutyl but-3-enoate | 401-170-2 | 24342-03-8 | R10 | R: 10 S: (2-) | | |
604-034-00-2 | 4,4'-thiodi-o-cresol | 403-330-7 | 24197-34-0 | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
604-035-00-8 | 4-nonylphenol, reaction products with formaldehyde and dodecane-1-thiol | 404-160-6 | — | R43 R53 | X R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
604-036-00-3 | 4,4'-oxybis(ethylenethio)diphenol | 404-590-4 | 90884-29-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
604-037-00-9 | 3,5-xylenol; 3,5-dimethylphenol | 203-606-5 | 108-68-9 | T; R24/25 C; R34 | T R: 24/25-34 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
604-038-00-4 | 4-chloro-3,5-dimethylphenol; [1] chloroxylenol [2] | 201-793-8 [1] 215-316-6 [2] | 88-04-0 [1] 1321-23-9 [2] | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xn R: 22-36/38-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
604-039-00-X | ethyl 2-[4-[(6-chlorobenzoxazol-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy]propionate; fenoxaprop-ethyl | 266-362-9 | 66441-23-4 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
604-040-00-5 | fomesafen (ISO); 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-N-(methylsulphonyl)-2-nitrobenzamide | 276-439-9 | 72178-02-0 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
604-041-00-0 | acifluorfen (ISO); 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-2-nitrobenzoic acid [1] sodium 5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl) phenoxy]-2-nitrobenzoate; acifluorfen-sodium [2] | 256-634-5 [1] 263-560-7 [2] | 50594-66-6 [1] 62476-59-9 [2] | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-41-50/53 S: (2-)24-39-60-61 | | |
604-042-00-6 | 4-nitrosophenol | 203-251-6 | 104-91-6 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53-68 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-47-49-61 | | |
604-043-00-1 | monobenzone; 4-hydroxyphenyl benzyl ether; hydroquinone monobenzyl ether | 203-083-3 | 103-16-2 | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)24/25-26-37 | | |
604-044-00-7 | mequinol; 4-methoxyphenol; hydroquinone monomethyl ether | 205-769-8 | 150-76-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 R43 | Xn R: 22-36-43 S: (2-)24/25-26-37/39-46 | | |
604-045-00-2 | 2,3,5-trimethylhydroquinone | 211-838-3 | 700-13-0 | Xn; R20 Xi; R37/38-41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20-37/38-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
604-046-00-8 | 4-(4-isopropoxyphenylsulfonyl)phenol | 405-520-5 | 95235-30-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
604-047-00-3 | 4-(4-tolyloxy)biphenyl | 405-730-7 | 51601-57-1 | Xn; R48/22 R53 | Xn R: 48/22-53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
604-048-00-9 | 4,4',4''-(ethan-1,1,1-triyl)triphenol | 405-800-7 | 27955-94-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
604-049-00-4 | 4-4'-methylenebis(oxyethylenethio)diphenol | 407-480-4 | 93589-69-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
604-051-00-5 | 3,5-bis((3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy)benzyl)-2,4,6-trimethylphenol | 401-110-5 | 87113-78-8 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
604-052-00-0 | 2,2'-methylenebis(6-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-(1,1,3,3-tetramethylbutyl)phenol) | 403-800-1 | 103597-45-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
604-053-00-6 | 2-methyl-4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-6-(1-methyl-pentadecyl)-phenol | 410-760-9 | 157661-93-3 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
604-054-00-1 | reaction mass of: 2-methoxy-4-(tetrahydro-4-methylene-2H-pyran-2-yl)-phenol; 4-(3,6-dihydro-4-methyl-2H-pyran-2-yl)-2-methoxyphenol | 412-020-0 | — | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
604-055-00-7 | 2,2'-((3,3',5,5'-tetramethyl-(1,1'-biphenyl)-4,4'-diyl)-bis(oxymethylene))-bis-oxirane | 413-900-7 | 85954-11-6 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | Xn R: 68 S: (2-)22-36-37 | | |
604-056-00-2 | 2-(2-hydroxy-3,5-dinitroanilino)ethanol | 412-520-9 | 99610-72-7 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R22 | F; Xn R: 11-22-62 S: (2-)22-33-36/37 | | |
604-057-00-8 | reaction mass of: isomers of 2-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-methyl-(n)-dodecylphenol; isomers of 2-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-methyl-(n)-tetracosylphenol; isomers of 2-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-methyl-5,6-didodecyl-phenol. n = 5 or 6 | 401-680-5 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
604-058-00-3 | 1,2-bis(3-methylphenoxy)ethane | 402-730-9 | 54914-85-1 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
604-059-00-9 | 2-n-hexadecylhydroquinone | 406-400-5 | — | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R38 R43 R53 | Xn R: 38-43-48/22-53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
604-060-00-4 | 9,9-bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)fluorene | 406-950-6 | 3236-71-3 | Xi; R36-38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-50/53 S: (2-)26-37-60-61 | | |
604-061-00-X | reaction mass of: 2-chloro-5-sec-tetradecylhydroquinones where sec-tetradecyl = 1-methyltridecyl; 1-ethyldodecyl; 1-propylundecyl; 1-butyldecyl; 1-pentylnonyl; 1-hexyloctyl | 407-740-7 | — | Xi; R38 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
604-062-00-5 | 2,4-dimethyl-6-(1-methyl-pentadecyl)phenol | 411-220-5 | — | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
604-063-00-0 | 5,6-dihydroxyindole | 412-130-9 | 3131-52-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
604-064-00-6 | 2-(4,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-((hexyl)oxy)-phenol | 411-380-6 | 147315-50-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
604-065-00-1 | 4,4',4''-(1-methylpropan-1-yl-3-ylidene)tris(2-cyclohexyl-5-methylphenol) | 407-460-5 | 111850-25-0 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
604-066-00-7 | reaction mass of: phenol, 6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-tetrapropyl-2-[(2-hydroxy-5-tetra-propylphenyl)methyl (C41-compound) and methane, 2,2'-bis[6-(1,1-dimethyl-ethyl)-1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropyl-phenyl)]- (C45-compound); 2,6-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-tetra-propyl-phenol and 2-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-tetrapropyl-phenol; 2,6-bis[(6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropylphenyl)methyl]-4-(tetrapropyl)phenol and 2-[(6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropylphenylmethyl]-6-[1-hydroxy-4-tetrapropylphenyl)methyl]-4-(tetrapropyl)phenol | 414-550-8 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
604-067-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2,2'-[[(2-hydroxyethyl)imino]bis(methylene)bis[4-dodecylphenol]; formaldehyde, oligomer with 4-dodecyl phenol and 2-aminoethanol(n = 2); formaldehyde, oligomer with 4-dodecyl phenol and 2-aminoethanol(n = 3, 4 and higher) | 414-520-4 | — | Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-60-61 | | |
604-068-00-8 | (±)-4-[2-[[3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylpropyl]amino]-1-hydroxyethyl]phenol hydrochloride | 415-170-5 | 90274-24-1 | Xn; R20/22 R43 | Xn R: 20/22-43 S: (2-)24-26-37 | | |
604-069-00-3 | 2-(1-methylpropyl)-4-tert-butylphenol | 421-740-4 | 51390-14-8 | C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
604-070-00-9 | triclosan; 2,4,4'-trichloro-2'-hydroxy-diphenyl-ether; 5-chloro-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenol | 222-182-2 | 3380-34-5 | Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-50/53 S: 26-39-46-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 605-001-00-5 | formaldehyde … % | 200-001-8 | 50-00-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23/24/25 C; R34 R43 | T R: 23/24/25-34-40-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-51 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥25 % Xn; R20/21/22: 5 % ≤ C 605-002-00-0 | 1,3,5-trioxan; trioxymethylene | 203-812-5 | 110-88-3 | F; R11 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xi; R37 | F; Xn R: 11-37-63 S: (2-)36/37-46 | | |
605-003-00-6 | acetaldehyde; ethanal | 200-836-8 | 75-07-0 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xi; R36/37 | F+; Xn R: 12-36/37-40 S: (2-)16-33-36/37 | | |
605-004-00-1 | 2,4,6-trimethyl-1,3,5-trioxan; paraldehyde | 204-639-8 | 123-63-7 | F; R11 $ | F R: 11 S: (2-)9-16-29-33 | | |
605-005-00-7 | 2,4,6,8-tetramethyl-1,3,5,7-tetraoxacyclooctane; metaldehyde | 203-600-2 | 108-62-3 | R10 $ Xn; R22 | Xn R: 10-22 S: (2-)13-25-46 | | |
605-006-00-2 | butyraldehyde | 204-646-6 | 123-72-8 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)9-29-33 | | |
605-007-00-8 | 1,1-dimethoxyethane; dimethyl acetal | 208-589-8 | 534-15-6 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
605-008-00-3 | acrylaldehyde; acrolein; prop-2-enal | 203-453-4 | 107-02-8 | F; R11 T+; R26 T; R24/25 C; R34 N; R50 | F; T+; N R: 11-24/25-26-34-50 S: 23-26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | D |
605-009-00-9 | crotonaldehyde; 2-butenal; [1] (E)-2-butenal; (E)-crotonaldehyde [2] | 224-030-0 [1] 204-647-1 [2] | 4170-30-3 [1] 123-73-9 [2] | F; R11 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T+; R26 T; R24/25 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R37/38-41 N; R50 | F; T+; N R: 11-24/25-26-37/38-41-48/22-50-68 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
605-010-00-4 | 2-furaldehyde | 202-627-7 | 98-01-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23/25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36/37 | T R: 21-23/25-36/37-40 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | T; R23/25: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R20/22: 1 % ≤ C 605-011-00-X | 2-chlorobenzaldehyde; o-chlorobenzaldehyde | 201-956-3 | 89-98-5 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
605-012-00-5 | benzaldehyde | 202-860-4 | 100-52-7 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24 | | |
605-013-00-0 | chloralose (INN); (R)-1,2-O-(2,2,2-trichloroethylidene)-α-D-glucofuranose; glucochloralose; anhydroglucochloral | 240-016-7 | 15879-93-3 | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-)16-24/25-28 | | |
605-014-00-6 | chloral hydrate; 2,2,2-trichloroethane-1,1-diol | 206-117-5 | 302-17-0 | T; R25 Xi; R36/38 | T R: 25-36/38 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | |
605-015-00-1 | 1,1-diethoxyethane; acetal | 203-310-6 | 105-57-7 | F; R11 Xi; R36/38 | F; Xi R: 11-36/38 S: (2-)9-16-33 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
605-016-00-7 | glyoxal … %; ethandial … % | 203-474-9 | 107-22-2 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20 Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xn R: 20-36/38-43-68 S: (2-)36/37 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | B |
605-017-00-2 | 1,3-dioxolane | 211-463-5 | 646-06-0 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)16 | | |
605-018-00-8 | propanal; propionaldehyde | 204-623-0 | 123-38-6 | F; R11 Xi; R36/37/38 | F; Xi R: 11-36/37/38 S: (2-)9-16-29 | | |
605-019-00-3 | citral | 226-394-6 | 5392-40-5 | Xi; R38 R43 | Xi R: 38-43 S: (2-)24/25-37 | | |
605-020-00-9 | safrole; 5-allyl-1,3-benzodioxole | 202-345-4 | 94-59-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R22 | T R: 45-22-68 S: 53-45 | | E |
605-021-00-4 | formaldehyde, reaction products with butylphenol | 294-145-9 | 91673-30-2 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
605-022-00-X | glutaral; glutaraldehyde; 1,5-pentanedial | 203-856-5 | 111-30-8 | T; R23/25 C; R34 R42/43 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/25-34-42/43-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | T; R25: C ≥ 50 % Xn; R22: 2 % ≤ C 605-025-00-6 | chloroacetaldehyde | 203-472-8 | 107-20-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T+; R26 T; R24/25 C; R34 N; R50 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-34-40-50 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
605-026-00-1 | 2,5,7,7-tetramethyloctanal | 405-690-0 | 114119-97-0 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
605-027-00-7 | reaction mass of: 3a,4,5,6,7,7a-hexahydro-4,7-methano-1H-indene-6-carboxaldehyde; 3a,4,5,6,7,7a-hexahydro-4,7-methano-1H-indene-5-carboxaldehyde | 410-480-7 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
605-028-00-2 | β-methyl-3-(1-methylethyl)-benzenepropanal | 412-050-4 | 125109-85-5 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
605-029-00-8 | 2-cyclohexylpropanal | 412-270-0 | 2109-22-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
605-030-00-3 | 1-(p-methoxyphenyl)acetaldehyde oxime | 411-510-1 | 3353-51-3 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
605-031-00-9 | reaction mass of: 2,2-dimethoxyethanal [(this component is considered to be anhydrous in terms of identity, structure and composition. However, 2,2-dimethoxyethanal will exist in a hydrated form. 60 % anhydrous is equivalent to 70.4 % hydrate; water(Including free water and water in hydrated 2,2-dimethoxyethanal)] | 421-890-0 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
606-001-00-8 | acetone; propan-2-one; propanone | 200-662-2 | 67-64-1 | F; R11 Xi; R36 R66 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-36-66-67 S: (2-)9-16-26 | | |
606-002-00-3 | butanone; ethyl methyl ketone | 201-159-0 | 78-93-3 | F; R11 Xi; R36 R66 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-36-66-67 S: (2-)9-16 | | |
606-003-00-9 | heptan-3-one; butyl ethyl ketone | 203-388-1 | 106-35-4 | R10 Xn; R20 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 10-20-36 S: (2-)24 | | |
606-004-00-4 | 4-methylpentan-2-one; isobutyl methyl ketone | 203-550-1 | 108-10-1 | F; R11 Xn; R20 Xi; R36/37 R66 | F; Xn R: 11-20-36/37-66 S: (2-)9-16-29 | | |
606-005-00-X | 2,6-dimethylheptan-4-one; di-isobutyl ketone | 203-620-1 | 108-83-8 | R10 Xi; R37 | Xi R: 10-37 S: (2-)24 | Xi; R37: C ≥ 10 % | |
606-006-00-5 | pentan-3-one; diethyl ketone | 202-490-3 | 96-22-0 | F; R11 Xi; R37 R66 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-37-66-67 S: (2-)9-16-25-33 | | |
606-007-00-0 | 3-methylbutan-2-one; methyl isopropyl ketone | 209-264-3 | 563-80-4 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)9-16-33 | | |
606-009-00-1 | 4-methylpent-3-en-2-one; mesityl oxide | 205-502-5 | 141-79-7 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 10-20/21/22 S: (2-)25 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
606-010-00-7 | cyclohexanone | 203-631-1 | 108-94-1 | R10 Xn; R20 | Xn R: 10-20 S: (2-)25 | | |
606-011-00-2 | 2-methylcyclohexanone | 209-513-6 | 583-60-8 | R10 Xn; R20 | Xn R: 10-20 S: (2-)25 | | |
606-012-00-8 | 3,5,5-trimethylcyclohex-2-enone; isophorone | 201-126-0 | 78-59-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/37 | Xn R: 21/22-36/37-40 S: (2-)13-23-36/37/39-46 | Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 10 % | |
606-013-00-3 | p-benzoquinone; quinone | 203-405-2 | 106-51-4 | T; R23/25 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/25-36/37/38-50 S: (1/2-)26-28-45-61 | | |
606-014-00-9 | chlorophacinone (ISO); 2-(2-(4-chlorophenyl)phenylacetyl)indan-1,3-dione | 223-003-0 | 3691-35-8 | T+; R27/28 T; R23-48/24/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 23-27/28-48/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
606-016-00-X | pindone (ISO); 2-pivaloylindan-1,3-dione | 201-462-8 | 83-26-1 | T; R25-48/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-60-61 | | |
606-017-00-5 | diketene; diketen | 211-617-1 | 674-82-8 | R10 Xn; R20 | Xn R: 10-20 S: (2-)3 | | D |
606-018-00-0 | dichlone (ISO); 2,3-dichloro-1,4-naphthoquinone | 204-210-5 | 117-80-6 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/38-50/53 S: (2-)26-60-61 | | |
606-019-00-6 | chlordecone (ISO); perchloropentacyclo[5,3,0,02,6,03,9,04,8]decan-5-one; decachloropentacyclo[5,2,1,02,6,03,9,05,8]decan-4-one | 205-601-3 | 143-50-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 24/25-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
606-020-00-1 | 5-methylheptan-3-one | 208-793-7 | 541-85-5 | R10 Xi; R36/37 | Xi R: 10-36/37 S: (2-)23 | Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 10 % | |
606-021-00-7 | N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone | 212-828-1 | 872-50-4 | Xi; R36/38 | Xi R: 36/38 S: (2-)41 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
606-022-00-2 | 1-phenyl-3-pyrazolidone | 202-155-1 | 92-43-3 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
606-023-00-8 | 4-methoxy-4-methylpentan-2-one | 203-512-4 | 107-70-0 | R10 Xn; R20 | Xn R: 10-20 S: (2-)23-24/25 | | |
606-024-00-3 | heptan-2-one; methyl amyl ketone | 203-767-1 | 110-43-0 | R10 Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 10-20/22 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
606-025-00-9 | cyclopentanone | 204-435-9 | 120-92-3 | R10 Xi; R36/38 | Xi R: 10-36/38 S: (2-)23 | | |
606-026-00-4 | 5-methylhexan-2-one; isoamyl methyl ketone | 203-737-8 | 110-12-3 | R10 Xn; R20 | Xn R: 10-20 S: (2-)23-24/25 | | |
606-027-00-X | heptan-4-one; di-n-propyl ketone | 204-608-9 | 123-19-3 | R10 Xn; R20 | Xn R: 10-20 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
606-028-00-5 | 2,4-dimethylpentan-3-one; di-isopropyl ketone | 209-294-7 | 565-80-0 | F; R11 Xn; R20 | F; Xn R: 11-20 S: (2-)9-16-24/25 | | |
606-029-00-0 | pentane-2,4-dione; acetylacetone | 204-634-0 | 123-54-6 | R10 Xn; R22 | Xn R: 10-22 S: (2-)21-23-24/25 | | |
606-030-00-6 | hexan-2-one; methyl butyl ketone; butyl methyl ketone; methyl-n-butyl ketone | 209-731-1 | 591-78-6 | R10 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R48/23 R67 | T R: 10-48/23-62-67 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
606-031-00-1 | 3-propanolide; 1,3-propiolactone | 200-340-1 | 57-57-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T+; R26 Xi; R36/38 | T+ R: 45-26-36/38 S: 53-45 | | E |
606-032-00-7 | hexachloroacetone | 204-129-5 | 116-16-5 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)24/25-61 | | |
606-033-00-2 | 2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-methyl-1,2,4-oxadiazolidinedione; methazole | 243-761-6 | 20354-26-1 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-36/38-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
606-034-00-8 | metribuzin (ISO); 4-amino-6-tert-butyl-3-methylthio-1,2,4-triazin-5(4H)-one; 4-amino-4,5-dihydro-6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-3-methylthio-1,2,4-triazin-5-one | 244-209-7 | 21087-64-9 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
606-035-00-3 | chloridazon (ISO); 5-amino-4-chloro-2-phenylpyridazine-3-(2H)-one; pyrazon | 216-920-2 | 1698-60-8 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
606-036-00-9 | quinomethionate; chinomethionat (ISO); 6-methyl-1,3-dithiolo(4,5-b)quinoxalin-2-one | 219-455-3 | 2439-01-2 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/21/22-48/22 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-36-43-48/22-50/53-62 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
606-037-00-4 | triadimefon (ISO); 1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butanone | 256-103-8 | 43121-43-3 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
606-038-00-X | diphacinone (ISO); 2-diphenylacetylindan-1,3-dione | 201-434-5 | 82-66-6 | T+; R28 T; R48/23/24/25 | T+ R: 28-48/23/24/25 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
606-039-00-5 | 5(or 6)-tert-butyl-2'-chloro-6'-ethylamino-3',7'-dimethylspiro(isobenzofuran-1(1H),9'-xanthene)-3-one | 400-680-2 | — | Xn; R20 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
606-040-00-0 | (N-benzyl-N-ethyl)amino-3-hydroxyacetophenone hydrochloride | 401-840-4 | 55845-90-4 | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
606-041-00-6 | 2-methyl-1-(4-methylthiophenyl)-2-morpholinopropan-1-one | 400-600-6 | 71868-10-5 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
606-042-00-1 | acetophenone | 202-708-7 | 98-86-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-)26 | | |
606-043-00-7 | 2,4-di-tert-butylcyclohexanone | 405-340-7 | 13019-04-0 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
606-044-00-2 | 2,4,6-trimethylbenzophenone | 403-150-9 | 954-16-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-50/53 S: (2-)26-60-61 | | |
606-045-00-8 | oxadiazon (ISO); 3-[2,4-dichloro-5-(1-methylethoxy)phenyl]-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one | 243-215-7 | 19666-30-9 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-046-00-3 | reaction mass of cis- and trans-cyclohexadec-8-en-1-one | 401-700-2 | 3100-36-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-047-00-9 | 2-benzyl-2-dimethylamino-4-morpholinobutyrophenone | 404-360-3 | 119313-12-1 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-048-00-4 | 2'-anilino-3'-methyl-6'-dipentylaminospiro(isobenzofuran-1(1H),9'-xanthen)-3-one | 406-480-1 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
606-049-00-X | 4-(trans-4-propylcyclohexyl)acetophenone | 406-700-6 | 78531-61-0 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
606-050-00-5 | 6-anilino-1-benzoyl-4-(4-tert-pentylphenoxy)naphto[1,2,3-de]quinoline-2,7-(3H)-dione | 412-480-2 | 72453-58-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
606-051-00-0 | 4-pentylcyclohexanone | 406-670-4 | 61203-83-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
606-052-00-6 | 4-(N,N-dibutylamino)-2-hydroxy-2'-carboxybenzophenone | 410-410-5 | 54574-82-2 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
606-053-00-1 | flurtamone (ISO); (RS)-5-methylamino-2-phenyl-4-(α, α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)furan-3(2H)-one | — | 96525-23-4 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-054-00-7 | isoxaflutole (ISO); 5-cyclopropyl-1,2-oxazol-4-yl α, α,α-trifluoro-2-mesyl-p-tolyl ketone | — | 141112-29-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 50/53-63 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
606-055-00-2 | 1-(2,3-dihydro-1,3,3,6-tetramethyl-1-(1-methylethyl)-1H-inden-5-yl)ethanone | 411-180-9 | 92836-10-7 | Xn; R22-48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)24-36-61 | | |
606-056-00-8 | 4-chloro-3',4'-dimethoxybenzophenone | 404-610-1 | 116412-83-0 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-057-00-3 | 4-propylcyclohexanone | 406-810-4 | 40649-36-3 | Xi; R38 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-52/53 S: (2-)25-37-61 | | |
606-058-00-9 | 4'-fluoro-2,2-dimethoxyacetophenone | 407-500-1 | 21983-80-2 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
606-059-00-4 | 2,4-difluoro-α-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)acetophenone hydrochloride | 412-390-3 | 86386-75-6 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 | Xn R: 22-41-43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
606-060-00-X | reaction mass of: trans-2,4-dimethyl-2-(5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-naphthalene-2-yl)-1,3-dioxolane; cis-2,4-dimethyl-2-(5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-naphthalene-2-yl)-1,3-dioxolane | 412-950-7 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-061-00-5 | (3-chlorophenyl)-(4-methoxy-3-nitrophenyl)methanone | 423-290-4 | 66938-41-8 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 68-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
606-062-00-0 | tetrahydrothiopyran-3-carboxaldehyde | 407-330-8 | 61571-06-0 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xi; R41 R52-53 | T R: 61-41-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
606-063-00-6 | (E)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-(4-fluorophenyl)propenal | 410-980-5 | 112704-51-5 | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)24-26-37 | | |
606-064-00-1 | pregn-5-ene-3,20-dione bis(ethylene ketal) | 407-450-0 | 7093-55-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
606-065-00-7 | 1-(4-morpholinophenyl)butan-1-one | 413-790-0 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
606-066-00-2 | (E)-5[(4-chlorophenyl)methylene]-2,2-dimethylcyclopentanone | 410-440-9 | 164058-20-2 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
606-067-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1-(2,3,6,7,8,9-hexahydro-1,1-dimethyl-1H-benz(g)inden-4-yl)ethanone; 1-(2,3,5,6,7,8-hexahydro-1,1-dimethyl-1H-benz(f)inden-4-yl)ethanone; 1-(2,3,6,7,8,9-hexahydro-1,1-dimethyl-1H-benz(g)inden-5-yl)ethanone; 1-(2,3,6,7,8,9-hexahydro-3,3-dimethyl-1H-benz(g)inden-5-yl)ethanone | 414-870-8 | 96792-67-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-068-00-3 | 2,7,11-trimethyl-13-(2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl)tridecahexaen-2,4,6,8,10,12-al | 415-770-7 | 1638-05-7 | Xn; R48/22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 43-48/22-52/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
606-069-00-9 | spiro[1,3-dioxolane-2,5'-(4',4',8',8'-tetramethyl-hexahydro-3',9'-methanonaphthalene)] | 415-460-1 | 154171-76-3 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 24-61 | | |
606-070-00-4 | butroxydim (ISO); 5-(3-butyryl-2,4,6-trimethylphenyl)-2-[1-(ethoxyimino)propyl]-3-hydroxycyclohex-2-en-1-one | 414-790-3 | 138164-12-2 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-62-63-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
606-071-00-X | 17-spiro(5,5-dimethyl-1,3-dioxan-2-yl)androsta-1,4-diene-3-one | 421-050-3 | 13258-43-0 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 22-60-61 | | |
606-072-00-5 | 3-acetyl-1-phenyl-pyrrolidine-2,4-dione | 421-600-2 | 719-86-8 | Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
606-073-00-0 | 4,4'-bis(dimethylamino)benzophenone; Michler's ketone | 202-027-5 | 90-94-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xi; R41 | T R: 45-41-68 S: 53-45 | | |
606-075-00-1 | 1-benzyl-5-ethoxyimidazolidine-2,4-dione | 417-340-4 | 65855-02-9 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22 | | |
606-076-00-7 | 1-((2-quinolinyl-carbonyl)oxy)-2,5-pyrrolidinedione | 418-630-3 | 136465-99-1 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
606-077-00-2 | (3S,4S)-3-hexyl-4-[(R)-2-hydroxytridecyl]-2-oxetanone | 418-650-2 | 104872-06-2 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-078-00-8 | 1-octylazepin-2-one | 420-040-6 | 59227-88-2 | C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
606-079-00-3 | 2-n-butyl-benzo[d]isothiazol-3-one | 420-590-7 | 4299-07-4 | C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
606-080-00-9 | Reaction product of: 3-hydroxy-5,7-di-tert-butylbenzofuran-2-one with o-xylene | 417-100-9 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
606-081-00-4 | (3β, 5α, 6β)-3-(acetyloxy)-5-bromo-6-hydroxy-androstan-17-one | 419-790-7 | 4229-69-0 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
606-082-00-X | reaction mass of: butan-2-one oxime; syn-O,O'-di(butan-2-one oxime)diethoxysilane | 406-930-7 | | T; R48/25 R43 R52-53 | T R: 43-48/25-52/53 S: (1/2-)25-36/37-45-61 | | |
606-083-00-5 | 2-chloro-5-sec-hexadecylhydroquinone | 407-750-1 | 137193-60-3 | Xi; R36/38 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 36/38-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
606-084-00-0 | 1-(4-methoxy-5-benzofuranyl)-3-phenyl-1,3-propanedione | 414-540-3 | 484-33-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-085-00-6 | (1R,4S)-2-azabicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-3-one | 418-530-1 | 79200-56-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 | Xn R: 22-41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
606-086-00-1 | 1-(3,3-dimethylcyclohexyl)pent-4-en-1-one | 422-330-8 | 56973-87-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
606-087-00-7 | 6-ethyl-5-fluoro-4(3H)-pyrimidone | 422-460-5 | 137234-87-8 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
606-088-00-2 | 2,4,4,7-tetramethyl-6-octen-3-one | 422-520-0 | 74338-72-0 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
606-089-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1,4-diamino-2-chloro-3-phenoxyanthraquinone; 1,4-diamino-2,3-bis-phenoxyanthraquinone | 423-220-2 | 12223-77-7 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
606-091-00-9 | 6-chloro-5-(2-chloroethyl)-1,3-dihydroindol-2-one | 421-320-0 | 118289-55-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
606-092-00-4 | reaction mass of: (E)-oxacyclohexadec-12-en-2-one; (E)-oxacyclohexadec-13-en-2-one; a) (Z)-oxacyclohexadec-(12)-en-2-one and b) (Z)-oxacyclohexadec-(13)-en-2-one | 422-320-3 | | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-001-00-0 | formic acid … % | 200-579-1 | 64-18-6 | C; R35 | C R: 35 S: (1/2-)23-26-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 90 % C; R34: 10 % ≤ C 607-002-00-6 | acetic acid … % | 200-580-7 | 64-19-7 | R10 C; R35 | C R: 10-35 S: (1/2-)23-26-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 90 % C; R34: 25 % ≤ C 607-003-00-1 | chloroacetic acid | 201-178-4 | 79-11-8 | T; R25 C; R34 N; R50 | T; N R: 25-34-50 S: (1/2-)23-37-45-61 | | |
607-004-00-7 | TCA (ISO); trichloroacetic acid | 200-927-2 | 76-03-9 | C; R35 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 35-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 607-005-00-2 | TCA-sodium (ISO); sodium trichloroacetate | 211-479-2 | 650-51-1 | Xi; R37 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 37-50/53 S: (2-)46-60-61 | | |
607-006-00-8 | oxalic acid | 205-634-3 | 144-62-7 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)24/25 | Xn; R21/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
607-007-00-3 | salts of oxalic acid | — | — | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)24/25 | Xn; R21/22: C ≥ 5 % | A |
607-008-00-9 | acetic anhydride | 203-564-8 | 108-24-7 | R10 Xn; R20/22 C; R34 | C R: 10-20/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R37/38-41: 5 % ≤ C 607-009-00-4 | phthalic anhydride | 201-607-5 | 85-44-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37/38-41 R42/43 | Xn R: 22-37/38-41-42/43 S: (2-)23-24/25-26-37/39-46 | | |
607-010-00-X | propionic anhydride | 204-638-2 | 123-62-6 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R36/38: 10 % ≤ C 607-011-00-5 | acetyl chloride | 200-865-6 | 75-36-5 | F; R11 R14 C; R34 | F; C R: 11-14-34 S: (1/2-)9-16-26-45 | | |
607-012-00-0 | benzoyl chloride | 202-710-8 | 98-88-4 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
607-013-00-6 | dimethyl carbonate | 210-478-4 | 616-38-6 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)9-16 | | |
607-014-00-1 | methyl formate | 203-481-7 | 107-31-3 | F+; R12 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R36/37 | F+; Xn R: 12-20/22-36/37 S: (2-)9-16-24-26-33 | | |
607-015-00-7 | ethyl formate | 203-721-0 | 109-94-4 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R36/37 | F; Xn R: 11-20/22-36/37 S: (2-)9-16-24-26-33 | | |
607-016-00-2 | propyl formate; [1] isopropyl formate [2] | 203-798-0 [1] 210-901-2 [2] | 110-74-7 [1] 625-55-8 [2] | F; R11 Xi; R36/37 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-36/37-67 S: (2-)9-16-24-33 | | C |
607-017-00-8 | butyl formate; [1] tert-butyl formate; [2] isobutyl formate [3] | 209-772-5 [1] 212-105-0 [2] 208-818-1 [3] | 592-84-7 [1] 762-75-4 [2] 542-55-2 [3] | F; R11 Xi; R36/37 | F; Xi R: 11-36/37 S: (2-)9-16-24-33 | | C |
607-018-00-3 | isopentyl formate; [1] pentyl formate; [2] 2-methylbutyl formate [3] | 203-769-2 [1] 211-340-6 [2] 252-343-2 [3] | 110-45-2 [1] 638-49-3 [2] 35073-27-9 [3] | R10 Xi; R36/37 | Xi R: 10-36/37 S: (2-)24 | | C |
607-019-00-9 | methyl chloroformate | 201-187-3 | 79-22-1 | F; R11 T+; R26 Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | F; T+ R: 11-21/22-26-34 S: (1/2-)14-26-28-36/37/39-45-46-63 | | |
607-020-00-4 | ethyl chloroformate | 208-778-5 | 541-41-3 | F; R11 T+; R26 Xn; R22 C; R34 | F; T+ R: 11-22-26-34 S: (1/2-)9-16-26-28-33-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-021-00-X | methyl acetate | 201-185-2 | 79-20-9 | F; R11 Xi; R36 R66 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-36-66-67 S: (2-)16-26-29-33 | | |
607-022-00-5 | ethyl acetate | 205-500-4 | 141-78-6 | F; R11 Xi; R36 R66 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-36-66-67 S: (2-)16-26-33 | | |
607-023-00-0 | vinyl acetate | 203-545-4 | 108-05-4 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)16-23-29-33 | | D |
607-024-00-6 | propyl acetate; [1] isopropyl acetate [2] | 203-686-1 [1] 203-561-1 [2] | 109-60-4 [1] 108-21-4 [2] | F; R11 Xi; R36 R66 R67 | F; Xi R: 11-36-66-67 S: (2-)16-26-29-33 | | C |
607-025-00-1 | n-butyl acetate | 204-658-1 | 123-86-4 | R10 R66 R67 | R: 10-66-67 S: (2-)25 | | |
607-026-00-7 | sec-butyl acetate; [1] isobutyl acetate; [2] tert-butyl acetate [3] | 203-300-1 [1] 203-745-1 [2] 208-760-7 [3] | 105-46-4 [1] 110-19-0 [2] 540-88-5 [3] | F; R11 R66 | F R: 11-66 S: (2-)16-23-25-29-33 | | C |
607-027-00-2 | methyl propionate | 209-060-4 | 554-12-1 | F; R11 Xn; R20 | F; Xn R: 11-20 S: (2-)16-24-29-33 | | |
607-028-00-8 | ethyl propionate | 203-291-4 | 105-37-3 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)16-23-24-29-33 | | |
607-029-00-3 | n-butyl propionate; [1] sec-butyl propionate; [2] tert-butyl propionate; [3] iso-butyl propionate [4] | 209-669-5 [1] - [2] - [3] 208-746-0 [4] | 590-01-2 [1] 591-34-4 [2] 20487-40-5 [3] 540-42-1 [4] | R10 | R: 10 S: (2-) | | C |
607-030-00-9 | propyl propionate | 203-389-7 | 106-36-5 | R10 Xn; R20 | Xn R: 10-20 S: (2-)24 | | |
607-031-00-4 | butyl butyrate | 203-656-8 | 109-21-7 | R10 | R: 10 S: (2-) | | C |
607-032-00-X | ethyl acrylate | 205-438-8 | 140-88-5 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22-36/37/38-43 S: (2-)9-16-33-36/37 | Xi; 36/37/38: C ≥ 5 % | D |
607-033-00-5 | n-butyl methacrylate | 202-615-1 | 97-88-1 | R10 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | Xi R: 10-36/37/38-43 S: (2-) | | D |
607-034-00-0 | methyl acrylate; methyl propenoate | 202-500-6 | 96-33-3 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22-36/37/38-43 S: (2-)9-25-26-33-36/37-43 | | D |
607-035-00-6 | methyl methacrylate; methyl 2-methylprop-2-enoate; methyl 2-methylpropenoate | 201-297-1 | 80-62-6 | F; R11 Xi; R37/38 R43 | F; Xi R: 11-37/38-43 S: (2-)24-37-46 | | D |
607-036-00-1 | 2-methoxyethyl acetate; methylglycol acetate | 203-772-9 | 110-49-6 | Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 Xn; R20/21/22 | T R: 60-61-20/21/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
607-037-00-7 | 2-ethoxyethyl acetate; ethylglycol acetate | 203-839-2 | 111-15-9 | $ Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 Xn; R20/21/22 | T R: 60-61-20/21/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
607-038-00-2 | 2-butoxyethyl acetate; butylglycol acetate | 203-933-3 | 112-07-2 | Xn; R20/21 | Xn R: 20/21 S: (2-)24 | | |
607-039-00-8 | 2,4-D (ISO); 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid | 202-361-1 | 94-75-7 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37-41 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-37-41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24/25-26-36/37/39-46-61 | | |
607-040-00-3 | salts of 2,4-D | — | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24/25-26-36/37/39-46-61 | | A |
607-041-00-9 | 2,4,5-T (ISO); 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy acetic acid | 202-273-3 | 93-76-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)24-60-61 | | |
607-042-00-4 | salts and esters of 2,4,5-T; salts and esters of 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy acetic acid | — | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)24-60-61 | | A |
607-043-00-X | dicamba (ISO); 2,5-dichloro-6-methoxybenzoic acid; 3,6-dichloro-2-methoxybenzoic acid | 217-635-6 | 1918-00-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
607-044-00-5 | 3,6-dichloro-o-anisic acid, compound with dimethylamine (1:1); [1] potassium 3,6-dichloro-o-anisate [2] | 218-951-7 [1] 233-002-7 [2] | 2300-66-5 [1] 10007-85-9 [2] | Xi; R36 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
607-045-00-0 | dichlorprop (ISO); 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy) propionic acid | 204-390-5 | 120-36-5 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38-41 | Xn R: 21/22-38-41 S: (2-)26-36/37 | | |
607-046-00-6 | salts of dichlorprop | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)13 | | A |
607-047-00-1 | fenoprop (ISO); 2-(2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)propionic acid | 202-271-2 | 93-72-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-50/53 S: (2-)37-60-61 | | |
607-048-00-7 | salts of fenoprop; salts of 2-(2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)propionic acid | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-60-61 | | A |
607-049-00-2 | mecoprop (ISO); 2-(4-chloro-o-tolyloxy) propionic acid; (RS)-2-(4-chloro-o-tolyloxy)propionic acid; [1] 2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propionic acid [2] | 230-386-8 [1] 202-264-4 [2] | 7085-19-0 [1] 7085-19-0 [2] | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-41-50/53 S: (2-)13-26-37/39-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 607-050-00-8 | salts of mecoprop | — | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-41-50/53 S: (2-)13-26-37/39-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 607-051-00-3 | MCPA (ISO); 4-chloro-o-tolyloxyacetic acid | 202-360-6 | 94-74-6 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 | Xn R: 22-38-41 S: (2-)26-37-39 | | |
607-052-00-9 | salts and esters of MCPA | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)13 | | A |
607-053-00-4 | MCPB (ISO); 4-(4-chloro-o-tolyloxy) butyric acid | 202-365-3 | 94-81-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-054-00-X | salts and esters of MCPB | — | — | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24/25 | | A |
607-055-00-5 | endothal-sodium (ISO); disodium 7-oxabicyclo(2,2,1)heptane-2,3-dicarboxylate | 204-959-8 | 129-67-9 | T; R25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36/37/38 | T R: 21-25-36/37/38 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45 | | |
607-056-00-0 | warfarin (ISO); [1] (S)-4-hydroxy-3-(3-oxo-1-phenylbutyl)-2-benzopyrone; [2] (R)-4-hydroxy-3-(3-oxo-1-phenylbutyl)-2-benzopyrone [3] | 201-377-6 [1] 226-907-3 [2] 226-908-9 [3] | 81-81-2 [1] 5543-57-7 [2] 5543-58-8 [3] | Repr. Cat. 1; R61 T; R48/25 R52-53 | T R: 61-48/25-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
607-057-00-6 | coumachlor (ISO); 3-[1-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-oxobutyl]-4-hydroxycoumarin | 201-378-1 | 81-82-3 | Xn; R48/22 R52-53 | Xn R: 48/22-52/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
607-058-00-1 | coumafuryl (ISO); fumarin; (RS)-3-(1-(2-furyl)-3-oxobutyl)4-hydroxycoumarin; 4-hydroxy-3-[3-oxo-1-(2-furyl) butyl]coumarin | 204-195-5 | 117-52-2 | T; R25-48/25 R52-53 | T R: 25-48/25-52/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-61 | | |
607-059-00-7 | coumatetralyl; 4-hydroxy-3-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl)coumarin | 227-424-0 | 5836-29-3 | T+; R27/28 T; R48/24/25 R52-53 | T+ R: 27/28-48/24/25-52/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
607-060-00-2 | dicoumarol; 4,4'-dihydroxy-3,3'-methylenebis(2H-chromen-2-one) | 200-632-9 | 66-76-2 | T; R48/25 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 22-48/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-61 | | |
607-061-00-8 | acrylic acid; prop-2-enoic acid | 201-177-9 | 79-10-7 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R35 N; R50 | C; N R: 10-20/21/22-35-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 607-062-00-3 | n-butyl acrylate | 205-480-7 | 141-32-2 | R10 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | Xi R: 10-36/37/38-43 S: (2-)9 | | D |
607-063-00-9 | isobutyric acid | 201-195-7 | 79-31-2 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-) | | |
607-064-00-4 | benzyl chloroformate | 207-925-0 | 501-53-1 | C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 607-065-00-X | bromoacetic acid | 201-175-8 | 79-08-3 | T; R23/24/25 C; R35 N; R50 | T; C; N R: 23/24/25-35-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
607-066-00-5 | dichloroacetic acid | 201-207-0 | 79-43-6 | C; R35 N; R50 | C; N R: 35-50 S: (1/2-)26-45-61 | | |
607-067-00-0 | dichloroacetyl chloride | 201-199-9 | 79-36-7 | C; R35 N; R50 | C; N R: 35-50 S: (1/2-)9-26-45-61 | | |
607-068-00-6 | iodoacetic acid | 200-590-1 | 64-69-7 | T; R25 C; R35 | T; C R: 25-35 S: (1/2-)22-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-069-00-1 | ethyl bromoacetate | 203-290-9 | 105-36-2 | T+; R26/27/28 | T+ R: 26/27/28 S: (1/2-)7/9-26-45 | | |
607-070-00-7 | ethyl chloroacetate | 203-294-0 | 105-39-5 | T; R23/24/25 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50 S: (1/2-)7/9-45-61 | | |
607-071-00-2 | ethyl methacrylate | 202-597-5 | 97-63-2 | F; R11 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | F; Xi R: 11-36/37/38-43 S: (2-)9-16-29-33 | | D |
607-072-00-8 | 2-hydroxyethyl acrylate | 212-454-9 | 818-61-1 | T; R24 C; R34 R43 N; R50 | T; N R: 24-34-43-50 S: (1/2-)26-36/39-45-61 | T; R24: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R21: 0,2 % ≤ C 607-073-00-3 | 4-CPA (ISO); 4-chlorophenoxyacetic acid | 204-581-3 | 122-88-3 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
607-074-00-9 | chlorfenac (ISO); 2,3,6-trichlorophenylacetic acid | 201-599-3 | 85-34-7 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)36-61 | | |
607-075-00-4 | chlorfenprop-methyl; methyl 2-chloro-3-(4-chlorophenyl)propionate | 238-413-5 | 14437-17-3 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
607-076-00-X | dodine (ISO); dodecylguanidinium acetate | 219-459-5 | 2439-10-3 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/38-50/53 S: (2-)26-60-61 | | |
607-077-00-5 | erbon (ISO); 2-(2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)ethyl 2,2-dichloropropionate | — | 136-25-4 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
607-078-00-0 | fluenetil (ISO); 2-fluoroethyl biphenyl-4-ylacetate | — | 4301-50-2 | T+; R27/28 | T+ R: 27/28 S: (1/2-)28-36/ 37-45 | | |
607-079-00-6 | kelevan (ISO); ethyl 5-(perchloro-5-hydroxypentacyclo[5,3,0,02,6,03,9,04,8]decan-5-yl)-4-oxopentanoate; ethyl 5-(1,2,3,5,6,7,8,9,10,10-decachloro-4-hydroxypentacyclo(5,2,1,02,6,03,9,05,8)dec-4-yl)-4-oxovalerate | — | 4234-79-1 | T; R24 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 22-24-51/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
607-080-00-1 | chloroacetyl chloride | 201-171-6 | 79-04-9 | R14 R29 T; R23/24/25-48/23 C; R35 N; R50 | T; C; N R: 14-23/24/25-29-35-48/23-50 S: (1/2-)7/8-9-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
607-081-00-7 | fluoroacetic acid | 205-631-7 | 144-49-0 | T+; R28 N; R50 | T+; N R: 28-50 S: (1/2-)20-22-26-45-61 | | |
607-082-00-2 | fluoroacetates, soluble | — | — | T+; R28 N; R50 | T+; N R: 28-50 S: (1/2-)20-22-26-45-61 | | A |
607-083-00-8 | 2,4-DB (ISO); 4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)butyric acid | 202-366-9 | 94-82-6 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)25-29-46-61 | | |
607-084-00-3 | salts of 2,4-DB | — | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)26-29-39-46-61 | | A |
607-085-00-9 | benzyl benzoate | 204-402-9 | 120-51-4 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)25 | | |
607-086-00-4 | diallyl phthalate | 205-016-3 | 131-17-9 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24/25-60-61 | | |
607-088-00-5 | methacrylic acid; 2-methylpropenoic acid | 201-204-4 | 79-41-4 | Xn; R21/22 C; R35 | C R: 21/22-35 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 607-089-00-0 | propionic acid … % | 201-176-3 | 79-09-4 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)23-36-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 25 % Xi; R36/37/38: 10 % ≤ C 607-090-00-6 | thioglycolic acid | 200-677-4 | 68-11-1 | T; R23/24/25 C; R34 | T R: 23/24/25-34 S: (1/2-)25-27-28-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 607-091-00-1 | trifluoroacetic acid . . . % | 200-929-3 | 76-05-1 | Xn; R20 C; R35 R52-53 | C R: 20-35-52/53 S: (1/2-)9-26-27-28-45-61 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 10 % | B |
607-092-00-7 | methyl lactate; [1] methyl (±)-lactate; [2] methyl (R)-lactate; [3] methyl (S)-(-)-lactate [4] | 208-930-0 [1] 218-449-8 [2] 241-420-6 [3] 248-704-9 [4] | 547-64-8 [1] 2155-30-8 [2] 17392-83-5 [3] 27871-49-4 [4] | R10 Xi; R36/37 | Xi R: 10-36/37 S: (2-)24 | | C |
607-093-00-2 | propionyl chloride | 201-170-0 | 79-03-8 | F; R11 R14 C; R34 | F; C R: 11-14-34 S: (1/2-)9-16-26-45 | | B D |
607-094-00-8 | peracetic acid . . . % | 201-186-8 | 79-21-0 | R10 O; R7 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R35 N; R50 | O; C; N R: 7-10-20/21/22-35-50 S: (1/2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-45-61 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 10 % C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 607-095-00-3 | maleic acid | 203-742-5 | 110-16-7 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 | Xn R: 22-36/37/38 S: (2-)26-28-37 | | |
607-096-00-9 | maleic anhydride | 203-571-6 | 108-31-6 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R42/43 | C R: 22-34-42/43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-097-00-4 | benzene-1,2,4-tricarboxylic acid 1,2-anhydride; trimellitic anhydride | 209-008-0 | 552-30-7 | Xi; R37-41 R42/43 | Xn R: 37-41-42/43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
607-098-00-X | benzene-1,2:4,5-tetracarboxylic dianhydride; benzene-1,2:4,5-tetracarboxylic dianhydride; pyromellitic dianhydride | 201-898-9 | 89-32-7 | Xi; R41 R42/43 | Xn R: 41-42/43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
607-099-00-5 | 1,2,3,6-tetrahydrophthalic anhydride; [1] cis-1,2,3,6-tetrahydrophthalic anhydride; [2] 3,4,5,6-tetrahydrophthalic anhydride; [3] tetrahydrophthalic anhydride [4] | 201-605-4 [1] 213-308-7 [2] 219-374-3 [3] 247-570-9 [4] | 85-43-8 [1] 935-79-5 [2] 2426-02-0 [3] 26266-63-7 [4] | Xi; R41 R42/43 R52-53 | Xn R: 41-42/43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39-61 | | C |
607-100-00-9 | benzophenone-3,3',4,4'-tetracarboxylic dianhydride; 4,4'-carbonyldi(phthalic anhydride) | 219-348-1 | 2421-28-5 | Xi; R36/37 | Xi R: 36/37 S: (2-)25 | Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-101-00-4 | 1,4,5,6,7,7-hexachlorobicyclo [2,2,1]hept-5-ene-2,3-dicarboxylic anhydride chlorendic anhydride | 204-077-3 | 115-27-5 | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)25 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-102-00-X | cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic anhydride; [1] cis-cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic anhydride; [2] trans-cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylic anhydride [3] | 201-604-9 [1] 236-086-3 [2] 238-009-9 [3] | 85-42-7 [1] 13149-00-3 [2] 14166-21-3 [3] | Xi; R41 R42/43 | Xn R: 41-42/43 S: (2-)23-24-26-37/39 | | C |
607-103-00-5 | succinic anhydride | 203-570-0 | 108-30-5 | Xi; R36/37 | Xi R: 36/37 S: (2-)25 | Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-104-00-0 | cyclopentane-1,2,3,4-tetracarboxylic dianhydride | 227-964-7 | 6053-68-5 | Xi; R36/37 | Xi R: 36/37 S: (2-)25 | Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 1 % | |
607-105-00-6 | 8,9,10-trinorborn-5-ene-2,3-dicarboxylic anhydride; [1] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3,6-methanophthalic anhydride; [2] (1α,2α,3β,6β)-1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3,6-methanophthalic anhydride [3] | 204-957-7 [1] 212-557-9 [2] 220-384-5 [3] | 129-64-6 [1] 826-62-0 [2] 2746-19-2 [3] | Xi; R41 R42/43 | Xn R: 41-42/43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | C |
607-106-00-1 | 8,9-dinorborn-5-ene-2,3-dicarboxylic anhydride | — | 123748-85-6 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 22-36/37/38-42 S: (2-)39 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | C |
607-107-00-7 | 2-ethylhexyl acrylate | 203-080-7 | 103-11-7 | Xi; R37/38 R43 | Xi R: 37/38-43 S: (2-)36/37-46 | | D |
607-108-00-2 | 2-hydroxy-1-methylethylacrylate; [1] 2-hydroxypropylacrylate; [2] acrylic acid, monoester with propane-1,2-diol [3] | 220-852-9 [1] 213-663-8 [2] 247-118-0 [3] | 2918-23-2 [1] 999-61-1 [2] 25584-83-2 [3] | T; R23/24/25 C; R34 R43 | T R: 23/24/25-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 607-109-00-8 | hexamethylene diacrylate; hexane-1,6-diol diacrylate | 235-921-9 | 13048-33-4 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)39 | | D |
607-110-00-3 | pentaerythritol triacrylate | 222-540-8 | 3524-68-3 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)39 | | D |
607-111-00-9 | 2,2-bis(acryloyloxymethyl)butyl acrylate; trimethylolpropane triacrylate | 239-701-3 | 15625-89-5 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)39 | | D |
607-112-00-4 | 2,2-dimethyltrimethylene diacrylate; neopentyl glycol diacrylate | 218-741-5 | 2223-82-7 | T; R24 Xi; R36/38 R43 | T R: 24-36/38-43 S: (1/2-)28-39-45 | T; R24: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R21: 0,2 % ≤ C 607-113-00-X | isobutyl methacrylate | 202-613-0 | 97-86-9 | R10 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50 | Xi; N R: 10-36/37/38-43-50 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | D |
607-114-00-5 | ethylene dimethacrylate | 202-617-2 | 97-90-5 | Xi; R37 R43 | Xi R: 37-43 S: (2-)24-37 | Xi; R37: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-115-00-0 | isobutyl acrylate | 203-417-8 | 106-63-8 | R10 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R38 R43 | Xn R: 10-20/21-38-43 S: (2-)9-24-37 | Xi; R38: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-116-00-6 | cyclohexyl acrylate | 221-319-3 | 3066-71-5 | Xi; R37/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 37/38-51/53 S: (2-)61 | Xi; R37/38: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-117-00-1 | 2,3-epoxypropyl acrylate; glycidyl acrylate | 203-440-3 | 106-90-1 | T; R23/24/25 C; R34 R43 | T R: 23/24/25-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 607-118-00-7 | 1-methyltrimethylene diacrylate; 1,3-butylene glycol diacrylate | 243-105-9 | 19485-03-1 | Xn; R21 C; R34 R43 | C R: 21-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | D |
607-119-00-2 | tetramethylene diacrylate; 1,4-butyleneglycol diacrylate | 213-979-6 | 1070-70-8 | Xn; R21 C; R34 R43 | C R: 21-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | D |
607-120-00-8 | 2,2'-oxydiethyl diacrylate; diethylene glycol diacrylate | 223-791-6 | 4074-88-8 | T; R24 Xi; R36/38 R43 | T R: 24-36/38-43 S: (1/2-)28-39-45 | T; R24: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R21: 0,2 % ≤ C 607-121-00-3 | 8,9,10-trinorborn-2-yl acrylate | — | 10027-06-2 | Xn; R21 Xi; R38 R43 | Xn R: 21-38-43 S: (2-)28 | Xi; R38: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-122-00-9 | pentaerythritol tetraacrylate | 225-644-1 | 4986-89-4 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)26-39 | | D |
607-123-00-4 | 2,3-epoxypropyl methacrylate; glycidyl methacrylate | 203-441-9 | 106-91-2 | Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xn R: 20/21/22-36/38-43 S: (2-)26-28 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-124-00-X | 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate | 212-782-2 | 868-77-9 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)26-28 | | D |
607-125-00-5 | 2-hydroxypropyl methacrylate; [1] 3-hydroxypropyl methacrylate [2] | 213-090-3 [1] 220-426-2 [2] | 923-26-2 [1] 2761-09-3 [2] | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)24/25-26-37/39 | | C D |
607-126-00-0 | 2,2'-(ethylenedioxy)diethyl diacrylate; triethylene glycol diacrylate | 216-853-9 | 1680-21-3 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)26-28 | | D |
607-127-00-6 | 2-diethylaminoethyl methacrylate | 203-275-7 | 105-16-8 | Xn; R20 Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xn R: 20-36/38-43 S: (2-)26 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-128-00-1 | 2-tert-butylaminoethyl methacrylate | 223-228-4 | 3775-90-4 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)26 | | D |
607-129-00-7 | ethyl lactate; ethyl DL-lactate; [1] ethyl (S)-2-hydroxypropionate; ethyl L-lactate; ethyl-(S)-lactate [2] | 202-598-0 [1] 211-694-1 [2] | 97-64-3 [1] 687-47-8 [2] | R10 Xi; R37-41 | Xi R: 10-37-41 S: (2-)24-26-39 | | C |
607-130-00-2 | pentyl acetate; [1] isopentyl acetate; [2] 1-methylbutyl acetate; [3] 2-methylbutyl acetat; [4] 2(or 3)-methylbutyl acetate [5] | 211-047-3 [1] 204-662-3 [2] 210-946-8 [3] 210-843-8 [4] 282-263-3 [5] | 628-63-7 [1] 123-92-2 [2] 626-38-0 [3] 624-41-9 [4] 84145-37-9 [5] | R10 R66 | R: 10-66 S: (2-)23-25 | | C |
607-131-00-8 | isopentyl propionate; [1] pentyl propionate; [2] 2-methylbutyl propionate [3] | 203-322-1 [1] 210-852-7 [2] 219-449-0 [3] | 105-68-0 [1] 624-54-4 [2] 2438-20-2 [3] | R10 | R: 10 S: (2-)23-24 | | C |
607-132-00-3 | 2-dimethylaminoethyl methacrylate | 220-688-8 | 2867-47-2 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xn R: 21/22-36/38-43 S: (2-)26-28 | Xi; R36/38: C ≥ 10 % | D |
607-133-00-9 | monoalkyl or monoaryl or monoalkylaryl esters of acrylic acid with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xi; R36/37/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-28-61 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | A |
607-134-00-4 | monoalkyl or monoaryl or monoalkyaryl esters of methacrylic acid with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)26-28 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | A |
607-135-00-X | butyric acid | 203-532-3 | 107-92-6 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-36-45 | | |
607-136-00-5 | butyryl chloride | 205-498-5 | 141-75-3 | F; R11 C; R34 | F; C R: 11-34 S: (1/2-)16-23-26-36-45 | | |
607-137-00-0 | methyl acetoacetate | 203-299-8 | 105-45-3 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)26 | | |
607-138-00-6 | butyl chloroformate; chloroformic acid butyl ester | 209-750-5 | 592-34-7 | R10 T; R23 C; R34 | T R: 10-23-34 S: (1/2-)26-36-45 | | |
607-139-00-1 | 2-chloropropionic acid | 209-952-3 | 598-78-7 | Xn; R22 C; R35 | C R: 22-35 S: (1/2-)23-26-28-36-45 | | |
607-140-00-7 | isobutyryl chloride | 201-194-1 | 79-30-1 | F; R11 C; R35 | F; C R: 11-35 S: (1/2-)16-23-26-36-45 | | |
607-141-00-2 | oxydiethylene bis(chloroformate) | 203-430-9 | 106-75-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-41-51/53 S: (2-)23-26-61 | | |
607-142-00-8 | propyl chloroformate; chloroformic acid propylester; n-propyl chloroformate | 203-687-7 | 109-61-5 | R10 $ T; R23 C; R34 | T R: 10-23-34 S: (1/2-)26-36-45 | | |
607-143-00-3 | valeric acid | 203-677-2 | 109-52-4 | C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 34-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36-45-61 | | |
607-144-00-9 | adipic acid | 204-673-3 | 124-04-9 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-) | | |
607-145-00-4 | methanesulphonic acid | 200-898-6 | 75-75-2 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-36-45 | | |
607-146-00-X | fumaric acid | 203-743-0 | 110-17-8 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)26 | | |
607-147-00-5 | oxalic acid diethylester; diethyl oxalate | 202-464-1 | 95-92-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-)23 | | |
607-148-00-0 | guanidinium chloride; guanadine hydrochloride | 200-002-3 | 50-01-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 | Xn R: 22-36/38 S: (2-)22 | | |
607-149-00-6 | urethane (INN); ethyl carbamate | 200-123-1 | 51-79-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
607-150-00-1 | endothal (ISO); 7-oxabicyclo(2,2,1)heptane-2,3-dicarboxylic acid | 205-660-5 | 145-73-3 | T; R25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36/37/38 | T R: 21-25-36/37/38 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45 | | |
607-151-00-7 | propargite (ISO); 2-(4-tert-butylphenoxy) cyclohexyl prop-2-ynyl sulphite | 219-006-1 | 2312-35-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23 Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23-38-40-41-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 607-152-00-2 | 2,3,6-TBA (ISO); 2,3,6-trichlorobenzoic acid | 200-026-4 | 50-31-7 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
607-153-00-8 | benazolin (ISO); 4-chloro-2,3-dihydro-2-oxo-1,3-benzothiazol-3-ylacetic acid | 223-297-0 | 3813-05-6 | Xi; R36/38 R52-53 | Xi R: 36/38-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
607-154-00-3 | ethyl N-benzoyl-N-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-DL-alaninate; benzoylprop-ethyl (ISO) | 244-845-5 | 22212-55-1 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24-60-61 | | |
607-155-00-9 | 3-(3-amino-5-(1-methylguanidino)-1-oxopentylamino-6-(4-amino-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-pyrimidin-1-yl)-2,3-dihydro-(6H)-pyran-2-carboxylic acid; blasticidin-s | — | 2079-00-7 | T+; R28 | T+ R: 28 S: (1/2-)24/25-36/37-45 | | |
607-156-00-4 | chlorfenson (ISO); 4-chlorophenyl 4-chlorobenzenesulfonate | 201-270-4 | 80-33-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-50/53 S: (2-)37-60-61 | | |
607-157-00-X | 3-(3-biphenyl-4-yl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl)-4-hydroxycoumarin; difenacoum | 259-978-4 | 56073-07-5 | T+; R28 T; R48/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 28-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
607-158-00-5 | sodium salt of chloroacetic acid; sodium chloroacetate | 223-498-3 | 3926-62-3 | T; R25 Xi; R38 N; R50 | T; N R: 25-38-50 S: (1/2-)22-37-45-61 | | |
607-159-00-0 | chlorobenzilate (ISO); ethyl 2,2-di(4-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxyacetate; ethyl 4,4'-dichlorobenzilate | 208-110-2 | 510-15-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
607-160-00-6 | isobutyl 2-(4-(4-chlorophenoxy)phenoxy)propionate; clofop-isobutyl (ISO) | — | 51337-71-4 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
607-161-00-1 | diethanolamine salt of 4-CPA | — | — | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
607-162-00-7 | 2,2-dichloropropionic acid; dalapon | 200-923-0 | 75-99-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-38-41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
607-163-00-2 | 3-acetyl-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2,4(3H)-dione; dehydracetic acid | 208-293-9 | 520-45-6 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
607-164-00-8 | sodium 1-(3,4-dihydro-6-methyl-2,4-dioxo-2H-pyran-3-ylidene)ethonolate; sodium dehydracetate | 224-580-1 | 4418-26-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
607-165-00-3 | diclofop-methyl (ISO); methyl 2-(4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenoxy)propionate; methyl (RS)-2-[4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenoxy]propionate; | 257-141-8 | 51338-27-3 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-166-00-9 | medinoterb acetate (ISO); 6-tert-butyl-3-methyl-2,4-dinitrophenyl acetate | 219-634-6 | 2487-01-6 | T; R25 Xn; R21 | T R: 21-25 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
607-167-00-4 | sodium 3-chloroacrylate | — | 4312-97-4 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
607-168-00-X | dipropyl 6,7-methylenedioxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-methylnaphthalene-1,2-dicarboxylate; propylisome | — | 83-59-0 | T; R24 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-24-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
607-169-00-5 | sodium fluoroacetate | 200-548-2 | 62-74-8 | T+; R26/27/28 N; R50 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-50 S: (1/2-)13-22-36/37-45-61 | | |
607-170-00-0 | bis(1,2,3-trithiacyclohexyldimethylammonium) oxalate; thiocyclam-oxalate | 250-859-2 | 31895-22-4 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
607-172-00-1 | 4-hydroxy-3-(3-(4'-bromo-4-biphenylyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl)coumarin; brodifacoum | 259-980-5 | 56073-10-0 | T+; R27/28 T; R48/24/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-48/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
607-173-00-7 | dimethyl (3-methyl-4-(5-nitro-3-ethoxycarbonyl-2-thienyl)azo)phenylnitrilodipropionate | 400-460-6 | — | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-174-00-2 | reaction mass of dodecyl 3-(2,2,4,4-tetramethyl-21-oxo-7-oxa-3,20-diazadispiro(5,1,11,2)henicosan-20-yl)propionate and tetradecyl 3-(2,2,4,4-tetramethyl-21-oxo-7-oxa-3,20-diazadispiro(5,1,11,2)henicosan-20-yl)propionate | 400-580-9 | — | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)28-61 | | |
607-175-00-8 | methyl 2-(2-nitrobenzylidene)acetoacetate | 400-650-9 | 39562-27-1 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-176-00-3 | reaction mass of α-3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyl-ω-hydroxypoly(oxyethylene) and α-3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyl-ω-3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyloxypoly(oxyethylene) | 400-830-7 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
607-177-00-9 | methyl 2-(3-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)3-methylureidosulphonyl)benzoate | 401-190-1 | 101200-48-0 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
607-178-00-4 | methyl α-((4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)ureidosulphonyl)-o-toluate | 401-340-6 | 83055-99-6 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-179-00-X | (benzothiazol-2-ylthio)succinic acid | 401-450-4 | 95154-01-1 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-180-00-5 | potassium 2-hydroxycarbazole-1-carboxylate | 401-630-2 | 96566-70-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-36/37-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-61 | | |
607-181-00-0 | 3,5-dichloro-2,4-difluorobenzoyl fluoride | 401-800-6 | 101513-70-6 | T; R23 C; R34 Xn; R22 R29 R43 R52-53 | T; C R: 22-23-29-34-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
607-182-00-6 | methyl 3-sulphamoyl-2-thenoate | 402-050-2 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-183-00-1 | zinc 2-hydroxy-5-C13-18alkylbenzoate | 402-280-3 | — | Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
607-184-00-7 | S-(3-trimethoxysilyl)propyl 19-isocyanato-11-(6-isocyanatohexyl)-10,12-dioxo-2,9,11,13-tetraazanonadecanethioate | 402-290-8 | 85702-90-5 | R10 R42/43 | Xn R: 10-42/43 S: (2-)23-24-37 | | |
607-185-00-2 | ethyl trans-3-dimethylaminoacrylate | 402-650-4 | 1117-37-9 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-186-00-8 | quinclorac (ISO); 3,7-dichloroquinoline-8-carboxylic acid | 402-780-1 | 84087-01-4 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-187-00-3 | bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidyl) succinate | 402-940-0 | 62782-03-0 | Xi; R36 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
607-188-00-9 | hydrogen sodium N-carboxylatoethyl-N-octadec-9-enylmaleamate | 402-970-4 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-189-00-4 | trimethylenediaminetetraacetic acid | 400-400-9 | 1939-36-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-50/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-60-61 | | |
607-190-00-X | methyl acrylamidomethoxyacetate (containing ≥ 0,1 % acrylamid) | 401-890-7 | 77402-03-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | T R: 45-46-22-36 S: 53-45 | | E |
607-191-00-5 | isobutyl 3,4-epoxybutyrate | 401-920-9 | 100181-71-3 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-28-36/37-60-61 | | |
607-192-00-0 | disodium N-carboxymethyl-N-(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl)glycinate | 402-360-8 | 92511-22-3 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-194-00-1 | propylene carbonate | 203-572-1 | 108-32-7 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-) | | |
607-195-00-7 | 2-methoxy-1-methylethyl acetate | 203-603-9 | 108-65-6 | R10 Xi; R36 | Xi R: 10-36 S: (2-)25 | | |
607-196-00-2 | heptanoic acid | 203-838-7 | 111-14-8 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-197-00-8 | nonanoic acid | 203-931-2 | 112-05-0 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-198-00-3 | propyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate | 204-498-2 | 121-79-9 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-199-00-9 | octyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate | 213-853-0 | 1034-01-1 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-200-00-2 | dodecyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate | 214-620-6 | 1166-52-5 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-201-00-8 | thiocarbonyl chloride | 207-341-6 | 463-71-8 | T; R23 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 | T R: 22-23-36/37/38 S: (1/2-)7-9-36/37-45 | | |
607-203-00-9 | 2-ethylhexyl[[[3,5-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]methyl]thio]acetate | 279-452-8 | 80387-97-9 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 R43 R52-53 | T R: 61-43-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
607-204-00-4 | (chlorophenyl)(chlorotolyl)methane, mixed isomers | 400-140-6 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-205-00-X | methyl chloroacetate | 202-501-1 | 96-34-4 | R10 T; R23/25 Xi; R37/38-41 | T R: 10-23/25-37/38-41 S: (1/2-)26-37/39-45 | | |
607-206-00-5 | isopropyl chloroacetate | 203-301-7 | 105-48-6 | R10 T; R25 Xi; R36/37/38 | T R: 10-25-36/37/38 S: (1/2-)26-37/39-45 | | |
607-207-00-0 | haloxyfop-etotyl (ISO) 2-ethoxyethyl 2-(4-(3-chloro-5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy)propionate; haloxyfop-(2-ethoxyethyl) | 402-560-5 | 87237-48-7 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)22-36-60-61 | | |
607-208-00-6 | 4,8,12-trimethyltrideca-3,7,11-trienoic acid, mixed isomers | 403-000-2 | 91853-67-7 | Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-50/53 S: (2-)37/39-60-61 | | |
607-209-00-1 | reaction mass of O,O'-diisopropyl (pentathio)dithioformate and O,O'-diisopropyl (trithio)dithioformate and O,O'-diisopropyl (tetrathio)dithioformate | 403-030-6 | — | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
607-210-00-7 | methyl acrylamidoglycolate (containing ≥ 0,1 % acrylamide) | 403-230-3 | 77402-05-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 C; R34 R43 | T R: 45-46-34-43 S: 53-45 | | |
607-211-00-2 | methyl 3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl)propionate | 403-270-1 | 6386-39-6 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)36-61 | | |
607-212-00-8 | poly(oxypropylenecarbonyl-co-oxy(ethylethylene)carbonyl), containing 27 % hydroxyvalerate | 403-300-3 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-213-00-3 | ethyl 3,3-bis(tert-pentylperoxy)butyrate | 403-320-2 | 67567-23-1 | E; R2 $ O; R7 R10 N; R51-53 | E; N R: 2-7-10-51/53 S: (2-)3/7-14-33-36/37/39-61 | | |
607-214-00-9 | N,N-hydrazinodiacetic acid | 403-510-5 | 19247-05-3 | T; R25 Xn; R48/22 R43 R52-53 | T R: 25-43-48/22-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
607-215-00-4 | 3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionic acid | 403-920-4 | 107551-67-7 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-)25-26-36 | | |
607-216-00-X | glutamic acid, reaction products with N-(C12-14alkyl)propylenediamine | 403-950-8 | — | T+; R26 Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 22-26-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-38-45-60-61 | | |
607-217-00-5 | 2-ethoxyethyl 2-(4-(2,6-dihydro-2,6-dioxo-7-phenyl-1,5-dioxaindacen-3-yl)phenoxy)acetate | 403-960-2 | — | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-218-00-0 | dichlorprop-P (ISO); (+)-R-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)propionic acid | 403-980-1 | 15165-67-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xn R: 22-38-41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
607-219-00-6 | bis(2-ethylhexyl) dithiodiacetate | 404-510-8 | 62268-47-7 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-51/53 S: (2-)24/25-37-61 | | |
607-221-00-7 | 6-docosyloxy-1-hydroxy-4-(1-(4-hydroxy-3-methylphenanthren-1-yl)-3-oxo-2-oxaphenalen-1-yl)naphthalene-2-carboxylic acid | 404-550-6 | — | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-222-00-2 | 6-(2,3-dimethylmaleimido)hexyl methacrylate | 404-870-6 | 63740-41-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-223-00-8 | transfluthrin (ISO); 2,3,5,6-tetrafluorobenzyl trans-2-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-3,3-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 405-060-5 | 118712-89-3 | Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
607-224-00-3 | methyl 2-(3-nitrobenzylidene)acetoacetate | 405-270-7 | 39562-17-9 | Xi; R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-225-00-9 | 3-azidosulfonylbenzoic acid | 405-310-3 | 15980-11-7 | E; R2 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 R43 | E; Xn R: 2-41-43-48/22 S: (2-)22-26-35-36/37/39 | | |
607-226-00-4 | reaction mass of 2-acryloyloxyethyl hydrogen cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate and 2-methacryloyloxyethyl hydrogen cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate | 405-360-6 | — | Xi; R38-41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-227-00-X | potassium 2-amino-2-methylpropionate octahydrate | 405-560-3 | 120447-91-8 | Xn; R22 C; R35 | C R: 22-35 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-228-00-5 | bis(2-methoxyethyl) phthalate | 204-212-6 | 117-82-8 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | T R: 61-62 S: 53-45 | | |
607-229-00-0 | diethylcarbamoyl chloride | 201-798-5 | 88-10-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R36/37/38 | Xn R: 20/22-36/37/38-40 S: (2-)26-36/37 | | |
607-230-00-6 | 2-ethylhexanoic acid | 205-743-6 | 149-57-5 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | Xn R: 63 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
607-231-00-1 | 3,6-dichloropyridine-2-carboxylic acid; clopyralid | 216-935-4 | 1702-17-6 | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | X; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
607-232-00-7 | pyridate (ISO); O-(6-chloro-3-phenylpyridazin-4-yl) S-octyl thiocarbonate | 259-686-7 | 55512-33-9 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-233-00-2 | hexyl acrylate | 219-698-5 | 2499-95-8 | Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
607-234-00-8 | flurenol (ISO); 9-hydroxy-9H-fluorene-9-carboxylic acid | 207-397-1 | 467-69-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-235-00-3 | mecrilate; methyl 2-cyanoacrylate | 205-275-2 | 137-05-3 | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)23-24/25-26 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-236-00-9 | ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate | 230-391-5 | 7085-85-0 | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)23-24/25-26 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-237-00-4 | benzyl 2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)thiazole-5-carboxylate; flurazole | 276-942-3 | 72850-64-7 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-238-00-X | tau-fluvalinate (ISO); cyano-(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl N-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-D-valinate | — | 102851-06-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-50/53 S: (2-)24-59-61 | | |
607-239-00-5 | fenpropathrin (ISO); α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxylate; | 254-485-0 | 39515-41-8 | T+; R26 T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 21-25-26-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-38-45-60-61 | | |
607-240-00-0 | cis-1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [1] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [2] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3-methylphthalic anhydride; [3] tetrahydromethylphthalic anhydride; [4] 1,2,3,6-tetrahydromethylphthalic anhydride; [5] tetrahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [6] 2,3,5,6-tetrahydro-2-methylphthalic anhydride [7] | 216-906-6 [1] 222-323-8 [2] 226-247-6 [3] 234-290-7 [4] 247-830-1 [5] 251-823-9 [6] 255-853-3 [7] | 1694-82-2 [1] 3425-89-6 [2] 5333-84-6 [3] 11070-44-3 [4] 26590-20-5 [5] 34090-76-1 [6] 42498-58-8 [7] | Xi; R41 R42/43 | Xn R: 41-42/43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | C |
607-241-00-6 | hexahydro-4-methylphthalic anhydride; [1] hexahydromethylphthalic anhydride; [2] hexahydro-1-methylphthalic anhydride; [3] hexahydro-3-methylphthalic anhydride [4] | 243-072-0 [1] 247-094-1 [2] 256-356-4 [3] 260-566-1 [4] | 19438-60-9 [1] 25550-51-0 [2] 48122-14-1 [3] 57110-29-9 [4] | Xi; R41 R42/43 | Xn R: 41-42/43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | C |
607-242-00-1 | tetrachlorophthalic anhydride | 204-171-4 | 117-08-8 | Xi; R41 R42/43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 41-42/43-50/53 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-243-00-7 | sodium 3,6-dichloro-o-anisate; [1] 3,6-dichloro-o-anisic acid, compound with 2,2'-iminodiethanol (1:1); [2] 3,6-dichloro-o-anisic acid, compound with 2-aminoethanol (1:1) [3] | 217-846-3 [1] 246-590-5 [2] 258-527-9 [3] | 1982-69-0 [1] 25059-78-3 [2] 53404-28-7 [3] | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-244-00-2 | isooctyl acrylate | 249-707-8 | 29590-42-9 | Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-60-61 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-245-00-8 | tert-butyl acrylate | 216-768-7 | 1663-39-4 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R37/38 R43 N; R52-53 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22-37/38-43-52/53 S: (2-)16-25-37-61 | | D |
607-246-00-3 | allyl methacrylate; 2-methyl-2-propenoic acid 2-propenyl ester | 202-473-0 | 96-05-9 | R10 T; R23 Xn; R21/22 N; R50 | T; N R: 10-21/22-23-50 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
607-247-00-9 | dodecyl methacrylate | 205-570-6 | 142-90-5 | Xi; 36/37/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-60-61 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-248-00-4 | naptalam-sodium (ISO); sodium N-naphth-1-ylphthalamate | 205-073-4 | 132-67-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
607-249-00-X | (1-methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)bis[oxy(methyl-2,1-ethanediyl)] diacrylate | 256-032-2 | 42978-66-5 | Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 10 % | |
607-250-00-5 | 4H-3,1-benzoxazine-2,4(1H)-dione | 204-255-0 | 118-48-9 | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)24-26-37 | | |
607-251-00-0 | 2-methoxypropyl acetate | 274-724-2 | 70657-70-4 | R10 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xi; R37 | T R: 61-10-37 S: 53-45 | | |
607-252-00-6 | lambda-cyhalothrin (ISO); reaction mass of (S)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl(Z)-(1R)-cis-3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoropropenyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate and (R)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (Z)-(1S)-cis-3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoropropenyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (1:1) | 415-130-7 | 91465-08-6 | T+; R26 T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 21-25-26-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37/39-38-45-60-61 | | |
607-253-00-1 | α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate; cyfluthrin | 269-855-7 | 68359-37-5 | T+; R28 T; R23 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 23-28-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
607-254-00-7 | α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate; beta-cyfluthrin | 269-855-7 | 68359-37-5 | T+; R26/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
607-255-00-2 | fluroxypyr (ISO); 4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridyloxyacetic acid | — | 69377-81-7 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-256-00-8 | azoxystrobin (ISO); methyl (E)-2-{2-[6-(2-cyanophenoxy)pyrimidin-4-yloxy]phenyl}-3-methoxyacrylate | — | 131860-33-8 | T; R23 N; 50-53 | T; N R: 23-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-45-60-61 | | |
607-257-00-3 | isopropyl propionate | 211-300-8 | 637-78-5 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)16-23-24-29-33 | | |
607-258-00-9 | dodecyl 3-(2-(3-benzyl-4-ethoxy-2,5-dioxoimidazolidin-1-yl)-3-(4-methoxybenzoyl)acetamido)-4-chlorobenzoate | 403-990-6 | 70950-45-7 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-259-00-4 | methyl 2R,3S-(-)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)oxiranecarboxylate | 404-130-2 | 105560-93-8 | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-260-00-X | ethyl 2-(3-nitrobenzylidene)acetoacetate | 404-490-0 | 39562-16-8 | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-261-00-5 | iso(C10-C14)alkyl (3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)methylthioacetate | 404-800-4 | 118832-72-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-262-00-0 | 7-chloro-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid | 405-050-0 | 86393-33-1 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
607-263-00-6 | potassium iron(III) 1,3-propanediamine-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetate hemihydrate | 405-680-6 | — | E; R2 N; R51-53 | E; N R: 2-51/53 S: (2-)35-61 | | |
607-264-00-1 | 2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)benzoic acid | 406-520-8 | 53250-83-2 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-265-00-7 | ethyl-2-chloro-2,2-diphenylacetate | 406-580-5 | 52460-86-3 | Xi; R38 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-52/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
607-266-00-2 | reaction mass of: hydroxyaluminium bis[2-hydroxy-3,5-di-tert-butylbenzoate]; 3,5-di-tert-butyl-salicylic acid | 406-890-0 | 130296-87-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
607-267-00-8 | tert-butyl (5S,6R,7R)-3-bromomethyl-5,8-dioxo-7-(2-(2-phenylacetamido)-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0] oct-2-ene-2-carboxylate | 407-620-4 | 33610-13-8 | R42/43 R52-53 | Xn R: 42/43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
607-268-00-3 | 2-methylpropyl (R)-2-hydroxypropanoate | 407-770-0 | 61597-96-4 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)26 | | |
607-269-00-9 | (R)-2-(4-hydroxyphenoxy)propanoic acid | 407-960-3 | 94050-90-5 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-270-00-4 | 3,9-bis(2-(3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl)propionyloxy-1,1-dimethylethyl)-2,4,8,10- tetraoxaspiro[5.5]undecane | 410-730-5 | 90498-90-1 | Xn; R21 | Xn R: 21 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
607-271-00-X | 2-isopropyl-5-methylcyclohexyloxycarbonyloxy-2-hydroxypropane | 417-420-9 | 156324-82-2 | Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
607-272-00-5 | fluroxypyr-meptyl (ISO); methylheptyl, O-(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridyloxy) acetate; [1] fluroxypyr-butometyl (ISO); 2-butoxy-1-methylethyl, O-(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridyloxy) acetate [2] | 279-752-9 [1] - [2] | 81406-37-3 [1] 154486-27-8 [2] | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-273-00-0 | ammonium 7-(2,6-dimethyl-8-(2,2-dimethylbutyryloxy)-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydro-1-naphthyl)-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoate | 404-520-2 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-274-00-6 | 2-(N-benzyl-N-methylamino)ethyl 3-amino-2-butenoate | 405-350-1 | 54527-73-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-275-00-1 | sodium benzoyloxybenzene-4-sulfonate | 405-450-5 | 66531-87-1 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-276-00-7 | bis[(1-methylimidazol)-(2-ethyl-hexanoate)], zinc complex | 405-635-0 | — | Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-277-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2-(hexylthio)ethylamine hydrochloride; sodium propionate | 405-720-2 | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-278-00-8 | reaction mass of isomers of: sodium phenethylnaphthalenesulfonate; sodium naphthylethylbenzenesulfonate | 405-760-0 | — | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-279-00-3 | reaction mass of n-octadecylaminodiethyl bis(hydrogen maleate); n-octadecylaminodiethyl hydrogen maleate hydrogenphthalate | 405-960-8 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-280-00-9 | sodium 4-chloro-1-hydroxybutane-1-sulfonate | 406-190-5 | 54322-20-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 R43 | Xn R: 22-36-43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37 | | |
607-281-00-4 | reaction mass of branched and linear C7-C9 alkyl 3-[3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]propionates | 407-000-3 | 127519-17-9 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-282-00-X | 2-acetoxymethyl-4-benzyloxybut-1-yl acetate | 407-140-5 | 131266-10-9 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-283-00-5 | E-ethyl-4-oxo-4-phenylcrotonate | 408-040-4 | 15121-89-8 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
607-284-00-0 | reaction mass of: sodium 3,3'-(1,4-phenylenebis(carbonylimino-3,1-propanediylimino))bis(10-amino-6,13-dichloro-4,11-triphenodioxazinedisulfonate); lithium 3,3'-(1,4-phenylenebis-(carbonylimino-3,1-propanediyl-imino))bis(10-amino-6,13-dichloro)-4,11-triphenodioxazinedisulfonate (9:1) | 410-040-4 | 136213-76-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-285-00-6 | reaction mass of: 7-(((3-aminophenyl)sulfonyl)amino)-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid; sodium 7-(((3-aminophenyl)sulfonyl)amino)-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate; potassium 7-(((3-aminophenyl)sulfonyl)amino)-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate | 410-065-0 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
607-286-00-1 | reaction mass of: sodium/potassium 7-[[[3-[[4-((2-hydroxy-naphthyl)azo)phenyl]azo]phenyl]sulfonyl]amino]-naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate | 410-070-8 | 141880-36-6 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
607-287-00-7 | O'-methyl O-(1-methyl-2-methacryloyloxy-ethyl)-1,2,3,6-tetrahydrophthalate | 410-140-8 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-288-00-2 | Tetrasodium (c-(3-(1-(3-(e-6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-f-yl(methyl)amino)propyl)-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxo-3-pyridylazo)-4-sulfonatophenylsulfamoyl)phthalocyanine-a,b,d-trisulfonato(6-))nickelato II, where a is 1 or 2 or 3 or 4,b is 8 or 9 or 10 or 11,c is 15 or 16 or 17 or 18, d is 22 or 23 or 24 or 25 and where e and f together are 2 and 4 or 4 and 2 respectively | 410-160-7 | 148732-74-5 | Xi; R36 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-43-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37-61 | | |
607-289-00-8 | 3-(3-(4-(2,4-bis(1,1-dimethylpropyl)phenoxy)butylaminocarbonyl-4-hydroxy-1-naphthalenyl)thio)propanoic acid | 410-370-9 | 105488-33-3 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-290-00-3 | reaction mass (ratio not known) of: ammonium 1-C14-C18-alkyloxycarbonyl-2-(3-allyloxy-2-hydroxypropoxycarbonyl)ethane-1-sulfonate; ammonium 2-C14-C18-alkyloxycarbonyl-1-(3-allyloxy-2-hydroxypropoxycarbonyl)ethane-1-sulfonate | 410-540-2 | — | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-291-00-9 | dodecyl-ω-(C5/C6-cycloalkyl)alkyl carboxylate | 410-630-1 | 104051-92-5 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-292-00-4 | reaction mass of: [1-(methoxymethyl)-2-(C12-alkoxy)-ethoxy]acetic acid; [1-(methoxymethyl)-2-(C14-alkoxy)-ethoxy]acetic acid | 410-640-6 | — | Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-293-00-X | reaction mass of: N-aminoethylpiperazonium mono-2,4,6-trimethylnonyldiphenyl ether di-sulfonate; N-aminoethylpiperazonium di-2,4,6-trimethylnonyldiphenyl ether di-sulfonate | 410-650-0 | — | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
607-294-00-5 | sodium 2-benzoyloxy-1-hydroxyethane-sulfonate | 410-680-4 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-295-00-0 | reaction mass of: tetrasodium phosphonoethane-1,2-dicarboxylate; hexasodium phosphonobutane-1,2,3,4-tetracarboxylate | 410-800-5 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-296-00-6 | reaction mass of: pentaerythriol tetraesters with heptanoic acid and 2-ethylhexanoic acid | 410-830-9 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-297-00-1 | (E-E)-3,3'-(1,4-phenylenedimethylidene)bis(2-oxobornane-10-sulfonic acid) | 410-960-6 | 92761-26-7 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-298-00-7 | 2-(trimethylammonium)ethoxycarboxybenzene-4-sulfonate | 411-010-3 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-36/37 | | |
607-299-00-2 | methyl 3-(acetylthio)-2-methyl-propanoate | 411-040-7 | 97101-46-7 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-300-00-6 | trisodium [2-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)-5-(b-sulfamoyl-c, d-sulfonatophthalocyanin-a-yl-K4,N29,N30,N31,N32-sulfonylamino)benzoato(5-)]cuprate(II) where a = 1,2,3,4 b = 8,9,10,11 c = 15,16,17,18 d = 22,23,24,25 | 411-430-7 | — | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)26-36/37/39 | | |
607-301-00-1 | reaction mass of: dodecanoic acid; poly(1-7)lactate esters of dodecanoic acid | 411-860-5 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-302-00-7 | reaction mass of: tetradecanoic acid; poly(1-7)lactate esters of tetradecanoic acid | 411-910-6 | — | Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-303-00-2 | 1-cyclopropyl-6,7-difluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid | 413-760-7 | 93107-30-3 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 R52-53 | Xn R: 62-52/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
607-304-00-8 | fluazifop-butyl (ISO); butyl (RS)-2-[4-(5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy]propionate | 274-125-6 | 69806-50-4 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
607-305-00-3 | fluazifop-P-butyl (ISO); butyl (R)-2-[4-(5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy]propionate | — | 79241-46-6 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 50/53-63 S: (2-)29-36/37-46-60-61 | | |
607-306-00-9 | chlozolinate (ISO); ethyl (RS)-3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-2,4-dioxo-oxazolidine-5-carboxylate | 282-714-4 | 84332-86-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 40-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
607-307-00-4 | vinclozolin (ISO); N-3,5-dichlorophenyl-5-methyl-5-vinyl-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione | 256-599-6 | 50471-44-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 60-61-40-43-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
607-308-00-X | esters of 2,4-D | — | — | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)26-29-36/37-46-60-61 | | A |
607-309-00-5 | carfentrazone-ethyl (ISO); ethyl (RS)-2-chloro-3-[2-chloro-4-fluoro-5-[4-difluoromethyl-4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]phenyl]propionate | — | 128639-02-1 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-310-00-0 | kresoxim-methyl (ISO); methyl (E)-2-methoxyimino-[2-(o-tolyloxymethyl)phenyl]acetate | — | 143390-89-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
607-311-00-6 | benazolin-ethyl; ethyl 4-chloro-2-oxo-2H-benzothiazole-3-acetate | 246-591-0 | 25059-80-7 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-312-00-1 | methoxyacetic acid | 210-894-6 | 625-45-6 | Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 Xn; R22 C; R34 | T R: 60-61-22-34 S: 53-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 607-313-00-7 | neodecanoyl chloride | 254-875-0 | 40292-82-8 | T+; R26 Xn; R22 C; R34 | T+ R: 22-26-34 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 607-314-00-2 | ethofumesate (ISO); (±)-2-ethoxy-2,3-dihydro-3,3-dimethylbenzofuran-5-yl methanesulfonate | 247-525-3 | 26225-79-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-315-00-8 | glyphosate (ISO); N-(phosphonomethyl)glycine | 213-997-4 | 1071-83-6 | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
607-316-00-3 | glyphosate-trimesium; glyphosate-trimethylsulfonium | — | 81591-81-3 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-61 | | |
607-317-00-9 | bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate; di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate; DEHP | 204-211-0 | 117-81-7 | Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 | T R: 60-61 S: 53-45 | | |
607-318-00-4 | dibutyl phthalate; DBP | 201-557-4 | 84-74-2 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 N; R50 | T; N R: 61-50-62 S: 53-45-61 | | |
607-319-00-X | deltamethrin (ISO); (S)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1R, 3R)-3-(2,2-dibromovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 258-256-6 | 52918-63-5 | T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-28-36/37/39-38-45-60-61 | | |
607-320-00-5 | bis[4-(ethenyloxy)butyl] 1,3-benzenedicarboxylate | 413-930-0 | 130066-57-8 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-321-00-0 | (S)-methyl-2-chloropropionate | 412-470-8 | 73246-45-4 | R10 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 10-36-48/22 S: (2-)23-26-36 | | |
607-322-00-6 | 4-(4,4-dimethyl-3-oxo-pyrazolidin-1-yl)-benzoic acid | 413-120-7 | 107144-30-9 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
607-323-00-1 | 2-(1-(2-hydroxy-3,5-di-tert-pentyl-phenyl)ethyl)-4,6-di-tert-pentylphenyl acrylate | 413-850-6 | 123968-25-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-324-00-7 | reaction mass of: N,N-di(hydrogenated alkyl C14-C18)phtalamic acid; dihydrogenated alkyl (C14-C18)amine | 413-800-3 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-325-00-2 | (S)-2-chloropropionic acid | 411-150-5 | 29617-66-1 | Xn; R21/22 C; R35 | C R: 21/22-35 S: (1/2-)23-26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-326-00-8 | reaction mass of: isobutyl hydrogen 2-(α-2,4,6-trimethylnon-2-enyl)succinate; isobutyl hydrogen 2-(ß-2,4,6-trimetyhylnon-2-enyl)succinate | 410-720-0 | 141847-13-4 | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
607-327-00-3 | 2-(2-iodoethyl)-1,3-propanediol diacetate | 411-780-0 | 127047-77-2 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)36-61 | | |
607-328-00-9 | methyl 4-bromomethyl-3-methoxybenzoate | 410-310-1 | 70264-94-7 | Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
607-329-00-4 | reaction mass of: sodium 2-(C12-18-n-alkyl)amino-1,4-butandioate; sodium 2-octadecenyl-amino-1,4-butandioate | 411-250-9 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
607-330-00-X | (S)-2,3-dihydro-1H-indole-2-carboxylic acid | 410-860-2 | 79815-20-6 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 R43 | Xn R: 43-48/22-62 S: (2-)22-25-26-36/37 | | |
607-331-00-5 | reaction mass of: bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-octyloxypiperidin-4-yl)-1,10-decanedioate; 1,8-bis[(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-((2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-octyloxypiperidin-4-yl)-decan-1,10-dioyl)piperidin-1-yl)oxy]octane | 406-750-9 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 23-61 | | |
607-332-00-0 | cyclopentyl chloroformate | 411-460-0 | 50715-28-1 | R10 T; R23 Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R41 R43 | T R: 10-22-23-41-43-48/22 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-333-00-6 | reaction mass of: dodecyl N-(2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)-β-alaninate; tetradecyl N-(2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)-β-alaninate | 405-670-1 | — | Xn; R22-48/22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
607-334-00-1 | ethyl 1-ethyl-6,7,8-trifluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylate | 405-880-3 | 100501-62-0 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-335-00-7 | methyl (R)-2-(4-(3-chloro-5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridyloxy)phenoxy)propionate | 406-250-0 | 72619-32-0 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
607-336-00-2 | 4-methyl-8-methylenetricyclo[3.3.1.13,7]dec-2-yl acetate | 406-560-6 | 122760-85-4 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
607-337-00-8 | di-tert-(C12-14)-alkylammonium 2-benzothiazolylthiosuccinate | 406-052-4 | 125078-60-6 | R10 Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 10-22-38-41-51/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-61 | | |
607-338-00-3 | 2-methylpropyl 2-hydroxy-2-methylbut-3-enoate | 406-235-9 | 72531-53-4 | Xi; R36/38 | Xi R: 36/38 S: (2-)26-37 | | |
607-339-00-9 | 2,3,4,5-tetrachlorobenzoylchloride | 406-760-3 | 42221-52-3 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 | C R: 22-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-340-00-4 | 1,3-bis(4-benzoyl-3-hydroxyphenoxy)prop-2-yl acetate | 406-990-4 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-341-00-X | (9S)-9-amino-9-deoxyerythromycin | 406-790-7 | 26116-56-3 | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
607-342-00-5 | 4-chlorobutyl veratrate | 410-950-1 | 69788-75-6 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-343-00-0 | 4,7-methanooctahydro-1H-indene-diyldimethyl bis(2-carboxybenzoate) | 407-410-2 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-344-00-6 | reaction mass of: 3-(N-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-(C4-8)perfluoroalkylsulfonamido)propionic acid; N-[dimethyl-3-(C4-8-perfluoroalkylsulfonamido)propylammonium propionate; 3-(N-(3-dimethyl-propylammonium)-(C4-8)perfluoroalkylsulfonamido)propionic acid propionate | 407-810-7 | — | Xn; R48/22 | Xn R: 48/22 S: (2-)21-22-36/37 | | |
607-345-00-1 | potassium 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)-(R)-propionate | 413-580-9 | 113963-87-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xn R: 22-38-41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
607-346-00-7 | 3-icosyl-4-henicosylidene-2-oxetanone | 401-210-9 | 83708-14-9 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-347-00-2 | sodium (R)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)propionate | 413-340-3 | 119299-10-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xn R: 22-38-41-43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
607-348-00-8 | magnesium bis((R)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)propionate) | 413-360-2 | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xn R: 22-38-41-43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
607-349-00-3 | mono-(tetrapropylammonium) hydrogen 2,2'-dithiobisbenzoate | 411-270-8 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-350-00-9 | bis(4-(1,2-bis(ethoxycarbonyl)ethylamino)-3-methylcyclohexyl)methane | 412-060-9 | 136210-32-7 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
607-351-00-4 | methyl O-(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoropyridin-2-yloxy)acetate | 407-550-4 | 69184-17-4 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 20/21-61 | | |
607-352-00-X | 4,4'-oxydiphthalic anhydride | 412-830-4 | 1823-59-2 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-353-00-5 | reaction mass of: ethyl exo-tricyclo[5.2.1.02,6]decane-endo-2-carboxylate; ethyl endo-tricyclo[5.2.1.02,6]decane-exo-2-carboxylate | 407-520-0 | 80657-64-3 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
607-354-00-0 | ethyl 2-cyclohexylpropionate | 412-280-5 | 2511-00-4 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-355-00-6 | p-tolyl 4-chlorobenzoate | 411-530-0 | 15024-10-9 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-356-00-1 | ethyl trans-2,2,6-trimethylcyclohexanecarboxylate | 412-540-8 | — | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
607-357-00-7 | reaction mass of: trans-4-acetoxy-4-methyl-2-propyl-tetrahydro-2H-pyran; cis-4-acetoxy-4-methyl-2-propyl-tetrahydro-2H-pyran | 412-450-9 | 131766-73-9 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-358-00-2 | (1S,3S,5R,6R)-(4-nitrophenylmethyl)-1-dioxo-6-phenylacetamido-penam-3-carboxylate | 412-670-5 | 54275-93-3 | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22 | | |
607-359-00-8 | (1S,4R,6R,7R)-(4-nitrophenylmethyl)3-methylene-1-oxo-7-phenylacetamido-cepham-4-carboxylateido-penam-3-carboxylate | 412-800-0 | 76109-32-5 | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22 | | |
607-360-00-3 | sodium 3-acetoacetylamino-4-methoxytolyl-6-sulfonate | 411-680-7 | 133167-77-8 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-361-00-9 | methyl (R)-2-(4-hydroxyphenoxy)propionate | 411-950-4 | 96562-58-2 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
607-362-00-4 | reaction mass of: (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(2-(bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)ethoxycarbonylmethyl)hexadec-4-enoate; (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(2-(bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)ethoxycarbonylmethyl)tetradec-4-enoate; (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(3-methoxypropylcarbamoylmethyl)hexadec-4-enoate; (3-methoxy)propylammonium/[tris-(2-hydroxyethyl)]ammonium 2-(3-methoxypropylcarbamoylmethyl)tetradec-4-enoate | 413-500-2 | — | Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-51/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-61 | | |
607-363-00-X | methyl-3-methoxyacrylate | 412-900-4 | 5788-17-0 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-364-00-5 | 3-phenyl-7-[4-(tetrahydrofurfuryloxy)phenyl]-1,5-dioxa-s-indacen-2,6-dione | 413-330-9 | 134724-55-3 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-365-00-0 | 2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-(Z)-2-methoxyiminoacetyl chloride hydrochloride | 410-620-7 | 119154-86-8 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 | C R: 22-34-43 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-366-00-6 | 3,5-dimethylbenzoyl chloride | 413-010-9 | 6613-44-1 | C; R34 R43 | C R: 34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-367-00-1 | potassium bis(N-carboxymethyl)-N-methyl-glycinato-(2-)N,O,O,N)-ferrate-(1-) monohydrate | 411-640-9 | 153352-59-1 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)37 | | |
607-368-00-7 | 1-(N,N-dimethylcarbamoyl)-3-tert-butyl-5-carbethoxymethylthio-1H-1,2,4-triazole | 411-650-3 | 110895-43-7 | T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)37-38-45-60-61 | | |
607-369-00-2 | reaction mass of: trans-(2R)-5-acetoxy-1,3-oxathiolane-2-carboxylic acid; cis-(2R)-5-acetoxy-1,3-oxathiolane-2-carboxylic acid | 411-660-8 | 147027-04-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xn R: 22-38-41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
607-370-00-8 | 2-[[2-(acetyloxy)-3-(1,1-dimethyl-ethyl)-5-methylphenyl]methyl]-6-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-methylphenol | 412-210-3 | 41620-33-1 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-371-00-3 | 3-ethyl 5-methyl 4-(2-chlorophenyl)-1,4-dihydro-2-[2-(1,3-dihydro-1,3-dioxo-(2H)isoindol-2-yl)-ethoxymethyl]-6-methyl-3,5-pyridinedicarboxylate | 413-410-3 | 88150-62-3 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-372-00-9 | ethoxylated bis phenol A di-(norbornene carboxylate) | 412-410-0 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-373-00-4 | (±) tetrahydrofurfuryl (R)-2-[4-(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yloxy)phenyloxy]propionate | 414-200-4 | 119738-06-6 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R22-48/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-22-48/22-62-68-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
607-374-00-X | 5-amino-2,4,6-triiodo-1,3-benzenedicarbonyldichloride | 417-220-1 | 37441-29-5 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
607-375-00-5 | reaction mass of: cis-4-hydroxy-3-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-(4-(4-trifluoromethylbenzyloxy)phenyl)-1-naphthyl)coumarin; trans-4-hydroxy-3-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-(4-(4-trifluoromethylbenzyloxy)phenyl)-1-naphthyl)coumarin | 421-960-0 | 90035-08-8 | T+; R26/27/28 T; R48/23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-48/23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
607-376-00-0 | benzyl 2,4-dibromobutanoate | 420-710-8 | 23085-60-1 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 38-43-62-50/53 S: (2-)23-36/37-41-60-61 | | |
607-377-00-6 | trans-4-cyclohexyl-L-proline monohydrochloride | 419-160-1 | 90657-55-9 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xn R: 22-38-41-43-62 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
607-378-00-1 | ammonium (Z)-α-methoxyimino-2-furylacetate | 405-990-1 | 97148-39-5 | F; R11 | F R: 11 S: (2-)22-43 | | |
607-379-00-7 | reaction mass of: 2-[N-(2-hydroxyethyl)stearamido]ethyl stearate; sodium [bis[2-(stearoyloxy)ethyl]amino]methylsulfonate; sodium [bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]methylsulfonate; N,N-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)stearamide | 401-230-8 | | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-380-00-2 | reaction mass of: ammonium-1,2-bis(hexyloxycarbonyl)ethanesulfonate; ammonium-1-hexyloxycarbonyl-2-octyloxycarbonylethanesulfonate; ammonium-2-hexyloxycarbonyl-1-octyloxycarbonylethanesulfonate | 407-320-3 | — | Xi; R38-41 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-41-52/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-61 | | |
607-381-00-8 | reaction mass of triesters of 2,2-bis(hydroxymethyl)butanol with C7-alkanoic acids and 2-ethylhexanoic acid | 413-710-4 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-382-00-3 | 2-((4-amino-2-nitrophenyl)amino)benzoic acid | 411-260-3 | 117907-43-4 | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-383-00-9 | reaction mass of: 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl-hexadecanoate; 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl-octadecanoate | 415-430-8 | 86403-32-9 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-384-00-4 | reaction mass of: esters of C14-C15 branched alcohols with 3,5-di-t-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl propionic acid; C15 branched and linear alkyl 3,5-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxybenzenepropanoate; C13 branched and linear alkyl 3,5-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxybenzenepropanoate | 413-750-2 | 171090-93-0 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-385-00-X | Copolymer of vinyl-alcohol and vinyl acetate partially acetilized with 4-(2-(4-formylphenyl)ethenyl)-1-methylpyridinium methylsulfate | 414-590-6 | 125229-74-5 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-386-00-5 | reaction mass of: tetradecanoic acid (42.5-47.5 %); poly(1-7)lactate esters of tetradecanoic acid (52.5-57.5 %) | 412-580-6 | 174591-51-6 | Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-387-00-0 | reaction mass of: dodecanoic acid (35-40 %); poly(1-7)lactate esters of dodecanoic acid (60-65 %) | 412-590-0 | 58856-63-6 | Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-388-00-6 | 4-ethylamino-3-nitrobenzoic acid | 412-090-2 | 2788-74-1 | Xn; R22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
607-389-00-1 | trisodium N,N-bis(carboxymethyl)-3-amino-2-hydroxypropionate | 414-130-4 | 119710-96-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22 | | |
607-390-00-7 | 1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-6-nitro-quinoxaline | 414-270-6 | 41959-35-7 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
607-391-00-2 | dimethylcyclopropane-1,1-dicarboxylate | 414-240-2 | 6914-71-2 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-392-00-8 | 2-phenoxyethyl 4-((5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-1,4-dimethyl-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)azo)benzoate | 414-260-1 | 88938-37-8 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-393-00-3 | 3-(cis-1-propenyl)-7-amino-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid | 415-750-8 | 106447-44-3 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
607-394-00-9 | 5-methylpyrazine-2-carboxylic acid | 413-260-9 | 5521-55-1 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-395-00-4 | reaction mass of: sodium 1-tridecyl-4-allyl-(2 or 3)-sulfobutanedioate; sodium 1-dodecyl-4-allyl-(2 or 3)-sulfobutanedioate | 410-230-7 | — | C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
607-396-00-X | bis(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidinyl) 2-(4-methoxybenzylidene)malonate | 414-840-4 | 147783-69-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 22-60-61 | | |
607-397-00-5 | reaction mass of: Ca salicylates (branched C10-14 and C18-30 alkylated); Ca phenates (branched C10-14 and C18-30 alkylated); Ca sulfurized phenates (branched C10-14 and C18-30 alkylated) | 415-930-6 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
607-398-00-0 | ethyl N-(5-chloro-3-(4-(diethylamino)-2-methylphenylimino)-4-methyl-6-oxo-1,4-cyclohexadienyl)carbamate | 414-820-5 | 125630-94-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-399-00-6 | 2,2-dimethyl 3-methyl-3-butenyl propanoate | 415-610-6 | 104468-21-5 | Xi; R38 R52-53 | Xi R: 38-52/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
607-400-00-X | methyl 3-[[(dibutylamino)thioxomethyl]thio]propanoate | 414-400-1 | 32750-89-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-401-00-5 | ethyl 3-hydroxy-5-oxo-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxylate | 414-450-4 | 88805-65-6 | Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xi R: 38-41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
607-402-00-0 | methyl N-(phenoxycarbonyl)-L-valinate | 414-500-5 | 153441-77-1 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-403-00-6 | reaction mass of: bis(1S,2S,4S)-(1-benzyl-4-tert-butoxycarboxamido-2-hydroxy-5-phenyl)pentylammonium succinate; isopropyl alcohol | 414-810-0 | — | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 41-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/39-60-61 | | |
607-404-00-1 | reaction mass of: ((Z)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl)oxycarbonylpropanoic acid; di-((E)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl) butandioate; di-((Z)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl) butandioate; (Z)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl butandioate; ((E)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienyl)oxycarbonylpropanoic acid | 415-190-4 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-405-00-7 | 2-hexyldecyl-p-hydroxybenzoate | 415-380-7 | 148348-12-3 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-406-00-2 | potassium 2,5-dichlorobenzoate | 415-700-5 | 184637-62-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 | Xn R: 22-41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-407-00-8 | ethyl 2-carboxy-3-(2-thienyl)propionate | 415-680-8 | 143468-96-6 | Xi; R38-41 R43 | Xi R: 38-41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
607-408-00-3 | potassium N-(4-fluorophenyl)glycinate | 415-710-1 | 184637-63-6 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 41-43-48/22-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
607-409-00-9 | reaction mass of: (3R)-[1S-(1α, 2α, 6β-((2S)-2-methyl-1-oxo-butoxy)-8aγ)hexahydro-2,6-dimethyl-1-naphthalene]-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoic acid; inert biomass from Aspergillus terreus | 415-840-7 | — | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
607-410-00-4 | mono[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]monohydrogen-2-(hexadec-2-enyl)butanedioate and/or mono[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]monohydrogen-3-(hexadec-2-enyl)butanedioate | 415-880-5 | 779343-34-9 | Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-411-00-X | oxiranemethanol, 4-methylbenzene-sulfonate, (S)- | 417-210-7 | 70987-78-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-41-43-68-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
607-412-00-5 | ethyl 2-(1-cyanocyclohexyl)acetate | 415-970-4 | 133481-10-4 | Xn; R22-48/22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-48/22-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
607-413-00-0 | trans-4-phenyl-L-proline | 416-020-1 | 96314-26-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 R43 | Xn R: 43-62 S: (2-)22-36/37 | | |
607-414-00-6 | tris(2-ethylhexyl)-4,4',4''-(1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6-triyltriimino)tribenzoate | 402-070-1 | 88122-99-0 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-415-00-1 | poly-(methyl methacrylate)-co-(butylmethacrylate)-co-(4-acryloxybutyl-isopropenyl-α, α-dimethylbenzyl carbamate)-co-(maleicanhydride) | 419-590-1 | — | F; R11 R43 | F; Xi R: 11-43 S: (2-)24-37-43 | | |
607-416-00-7 | 4-(2-carboxymethylthio)ethoxy-1-hydroxy-5-isobutyloxycarbonylamino-N-(3-dodecyloxypropyl)-2-naphthamide | 420-730-7 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-418-00-8 | 2-ethylhexyl 4-aminobenzoate | 420-170-3 | 26218-04-2 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-419-00-3 | (3'-carboxymethyl-5-(2-(3-ethyl-3H-benzothiazol-2-ylidene)-1-methyl-ethylidene)-4,4'-dioxo-2'-thioxo-(2,5')bithiazolidinyliden-3-yl)-acetic acid | 422-240-9 | 166596-68-5 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)26-36/37/39 | | |
607-420-00-9 | 2,2-bis(hydroxymethyl)butanoic acid | 424-090-1 | 10097-02-6 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
607-421-00-4 | cypermethrin cis/trans +/- 40/60; (RS)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 257-842-9 | 52315-07-8 | Xn; R20/22 Xi; R37 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-37-50/53 S: (2-)24-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
607-422-00-X | α-cypermethrin | 257-842-9 | 67375-30-8 | T; R25 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R37 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-37-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
607-423-00-5 | esters of mecoprop and of mecoprop-P | — | — | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)13-36/37-60-61 | | A |
607-424-00-0 | trifloxystrobin (ISO); (E,E)-α-methoxyimino-{2-[[[[1-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethylidene]amino]oxy]methyl]benzeneacetic acid methyl ester | — | 141517-21-7 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-46-60-61 | | |
607-425-00-6 | metalaxyl (ISO); methyl-N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)-DL-alaninate | 260-979-7 | 57837-19-1 | Xn; R22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-43-52/53 S: (2-)13-24-37-46-61 | | |
607-426-00-1 | 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid, dipentylester, branched and linear; [1] n-pentyl-isopentylphthalate; [2] di-n-pentyl phthalate; [3] diisopentylphthalate [4] | 284-032-2 [1] - [2] 205-017-9 [3] 210-088-4 [4] | 84777-06-0 [1] - [2] 131-18-0 [3] 605-50-5 [4] | Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 N; R50 | T; N R: 60-61-50 S: 53-45-61 | | |
607-427-00-7 | bromoxynil heptanoate (ISO); 2,6-dibromo-4-cyanophenyl heptanoate | 260-300-4 | 56634-95-8 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R20/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-43-63-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
607-430-00-3 | BBP; benzyl butyl phthalate | 201-622-7 | 85-68-7 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-62-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
607-431-00-9 | prallethrin (ISO); ETOC; 2-methyl-4-oxo-3-(prop-2-ynyl)cyclopent-2-en-1-yl 2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate | 245-387-9 | 23031-36-9 | T; R23 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-23-50/53 S: (1/2-)45-60-61 | | |
607-432-00-4 | S-metolachlor; reaction mass of (S)-2-chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methyl-phenyl)-N-(2-methoxy-1-methyl-ethyl)-acetamide (80-100 %); [1] (R)-2-chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methyl-phenyl)-N-(2-methoxy-1-methyl-ethyl)-acetamide (0-20 %) [2] | - [1] - [2] | 87392-12-9 [1] 178961-20-1 [2] | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-433-00-X | cypermethrin cis/trans +/- 80/20; (RS)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS; 3RS; 1RS, 3SR)-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 257-842-9 | 52315-07-8 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-37/38-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37/39-60-61 | | |
607-434-00-5 | mecoprop-P [1] and its salts; (R)-2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propionic acid | 240-539-0 | 16484-77-8 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)13-26-37/39-46-61 | | |
607-435-00-0 | 2S-isopropyl-5R-methyl-1R-cyclohexyl 2,2-dihydroxyacetate | 416-810-6 | 111969-64-3 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 41-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/39-61 | | |
607-436-00-6 | 2-hydroxy-3-(2-ethyl-4-methylimidazoyl)propyl neodecanoate | 417-350-9 | — | Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-437-00-1 | 3-(4-aminophenyl)-2-cyano-2-propenoic acid | 417-480-6 | 252977-62-1 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
607-438-00-7 | methyl-2-[(aminosulfonyl)methyl]benzoate | 419-010-5 | 112941-26-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-)22-26 | | |
607-439-00-2 | methyl tetrahydro-2-furancarboxylate | 420-670-1 | 37443-42-8 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-440-00-8 | methyl 2-aminosulfonyl-6-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine-3-c arboxylate | 421-220-7 | 144740-59-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
607-441-00-3 | 3-[3-(2-dodecyloxy-5-methylphenylcarbamoyl)-4-hydroxy-1-naphthylthio]propionic acid | 421-490-6 | 167684-63-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 57-61 | | |
607-442-00-9 | benzyl [hydroxy-(4-phenylbutyl)phosphinyl] acetate | 416-050-5 | 87460-09-1 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-36/39 | | |
607-443-00-4 | bis(2,4-di-tert-butyl-6-methylphenyl)ethyl phosphate | 416-140-4 | 145650-60-8 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-444-00-X | reaction mass of: cis-1,4-dimethylcyclohexyl dibenzoate; trans-1,4-dimethylcyclohexyl dibenzoate | 416-230-3 | 35541-81-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-445-00-5 | Iron (III) tris(4-methylbenzenesulfonate) | 420-960-8 | 77214-82-5 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)24-26-39 | | |
607-446-00-0 | methyl 2-[4-(2-chloro-4-nitrophenylazo)-3-(1-oxopropyl)amino]phenylaminopropionate | 416-240-8 | 155522-12-6 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
607-447-00-6 | sodium 4-[4-(4-hydroxyphenylazo)phenylamino]-3-nitrobenzenesulfonate | 416-370-5 | 156738-27-1 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
607-448-00-1 | 2,3,5,6-tetrafluorobenzoic acid | 416-800-1 | 652-18-6 | Xi; R38-41 | Xi R: 38-41 S: (2-)22-26-37/39 | | |
607-449-00-7 | reaction mass of: 4,4',4''-[(2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5(2H,4H,6H)-triazine-1,3,5-triyl)tris[methylene(3,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyclohexanediyl)iminocarbonyloxy-2,1-ethanediyl(ethyl)amino]]trisbenzenediazoniumtri[bis(2-methylpropyl)naphthalenesulfonate]; 4,4',4'',4'''-[[5,5'-[carbonylbis[imino(1,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyclohexanediyl)methylene]]-2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5(2H,4H,6H)-triazine-1,1',3,3'-tetrayl]tetrakis[methylene(3,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyclohexanediyl)iminocarbonyloxy-2,1-ethanediyl(ethyl)amino]]tetrakisbenzenediazoniumtetra[bis(2-methylpropyl)naphthalenesulfonate] | 417-080-1 | — | E; R2 R43 N; R50-53 | E; Xi; N R: 2-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
607-450-00-2 | 2-mercaptobenzothiazolyl-(Z)-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(tert-butoxycarbonyl) isopropoxyiminoacetate | 419-040-9 | 89604-92-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-451-00-8 | 4-[4-amino-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)phenylazo)-2,7-disulfonapht-6-ylazo]-6-[3-(4-amino-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)phenylazo)-2,7-disulfonapht-6-ylazo]phenylcarbonylamino]benzenesulfonic acid, sodium salt | 417-640-5 | 161935-19-9 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
607-453-00-9 | 4-benzyl-2,6-dihydroxy-4-aza-heptylene bis(2,2-dimethyloctanoate) | 418-100-1 | 172964-15-7 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
607-454-00-4 | reaction mass of: trans-2-(1-methylethyl)-1,3-dioxane-5-carboxylic acid; cis-2-(1-methylethyl)-1,3-dioxane-5-carboxylic acid | 418-170-3 | 116193-72-7 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)25-26-39-61 | | |
607-455-00-X | 1-amino-4-(3-[4-chloro-6-(2,5-di-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2,2-dimethyl-propylamino)-anthraquinone-2-sulfonic acid, sodium/lithiumsalt | 419-520-8 | 172890-93-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
607-456-00-5 | 3-amino-4-chlorobenzoic acid, hexadecyl ester | 419-700-6 | 143269-74-3 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-457-00-0 | tetrasodium dihydrogen 1,1''-dihydroxy-8,8''-[p-phenylbis(imino-{6-[4-(2-aminoethyl)piperazin-1-yl]}-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl-imino)]bis(2,2'-azonaphthalene-1',3,6-trisulfonate) | 420-350-1 | 172277-97-3 | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
607-458-00-6 | reaction mass of: 2-ethyl-[2,6-dibromo-4-[1-[3,5-dibromo-4-(2-hydroxyethoxy)phenyl]-1-methylethyl]phenoxy]propenoate; 2,2'-diethyl-[4,4'-bis(2,6-dibromophenoxy)-1-methylethylidene] dipropenoate; 2,2'-[(1-methylethylidene)bis[[2,6-dibromo-4,1-phenylene)oxy]ethanol]] | 420-850-1 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-459-00-1 | isopentyl 4-{2-[5-cyano-1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-1-(2-isopropoxyethoxy-carbonylmethyl)-4-methyl-2,6-dioxo-3-pyridylidene]hydrazino}benzoate | 418-930-4 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-460-00-7 | 3-tridecyloxy-propyl-ammonium 9-octadecenoate | 418-990-1 | 778577-53-0 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 36/38-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)23-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
607-461-00-2 | reaction mass of: pentasodium 2-{4-{3-methyl-4-[6-sulfonato-4-(2-sulfonato-phenylazo)-naphthalen-1-ylazo]-phenylamino}-6-[3-(2-sulfato-ethanesulfonyl)-phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-benzene-1,4-disulfonate; pentasodium 2-{4-{3-methyl-4-[7-sulfonato-4-(2-sulfonato-phenylazo)-naphthalen-1-ylazo]-phenylamino}-6-[3-(2-sulfato-ethanesulfonyl)-phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-benzene-1,4-disulfonate | 421-160-1 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-462-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1-hexyl acetate; 2-methyl-1-pentyl acetate; 3-methyl-1-pentyl acetate; 4-methyl-1-pentyl acetate; other mixed linear and branched C6-alkyl acetates | 421-230-1 | 88230-35-7 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-463-00-3 | 3-(phenothiazin-10-yl)propionic acid | 421-260-5 | 362-03-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 24/25-61 | | |
607-464-00-9 | reaction mass of: 7-chloro-1-ethyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-quinoline-3-carboxylic acid; 5-chloro-1-ethyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-quinoline-3-carboxylic acid | 421-280-4 | | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-465-00-4 | tris(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium 7-{4-[4-(2-cyanoamino-4-hydroxy-6-oxidopyrimidin-5-ylazo)benzamido]-2-ethoxy-phenylazo}naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate | 421-440-3 | 778583-04-3 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-466-00-X | reaction mass of: phenyl 1-(1-[2-chloro-5-(hexadecyloxycarbonyl)phenylcarbamoyl]-3,3-dimethyl-2-oxobutyl)-1H-2,3,3a,7a-tetrahydrobenzotriazole-5-carboxylate; phenyl 2-(1-(2-chloro-5-(hexadecyloxycarbonyl)phenylcarbamoyl)-3,3-dimethyl-2-oxobutyl)-1H-2,3,3a,7a-tetrahydrobenzotriazole-5-carboxylate; phenyl 3-(1-(2-chloro-5-(hexadecyloxycarbonyl)phenylcarbamoyl)-3,3-dimethyl-2-oxobutyl)-1H-2,3,3a,7a-tetrahydrobenzotriazole-5-carboxylate | 421-480-1 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 37/39-61 | | |
607-467-00-5 | 1,1,3,3-tetrabutyl-1,3-ditinoxydicaprylate | 419-430-9 | 56533-00-7 | Xn; R21/22-48/22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 21/22-34-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
607-468-00-0 | reaction mass of: monosodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate; disodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate; trisodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate; tetrasodium 4-((4-(5-sulfonato-2-methoxyphenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-2-((1,4-dimethyl-6-oxido-2-oxo-5-sulfonatomethyl-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-yl)azo)benzenesulfonate | 419-450-8 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
607-469-00-6 | disodium 7-((4,6-bis(3-diethylaminopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl)amino)-4-hydroxy-3-(4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)-2-naphthalene sulfonate | 419-460-2 | 120029-06-3 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
607-470-00-1 | potassium sodium 6,13-dichloro-3,10-bis{2-[4-[3-(2-hydroxysulphonyloxyethanesulfonyl)phenylamino]-6-(2,5-disulfonatophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]ethylamino}benzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-b]phenoxazine-4,11-disulfonate | 414-100-0 | 154336-20-6 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)39-22-26-61 | | |
607-472-00-2 | ammonium iron(III) trimethylenediaminetetraacetate hemihydrate | 400-660-3 | 111687-36-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-474-00-3 | (4-(4-(4-dimethylaminobenzyliden-1-yl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-2-pyrazolin-1-yl)benzoic acid | 410-430-4 | 117573-89-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-475-00-9 | reaction mass of: tetrasodium 7-(4-[4-chloro-6-[methyl-(3-sulfonatophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2-ureidophenylazo)naphthalene-1,3,6-trisulfonate; tetrasodium 7-(4-[4-chloro-6-[methyl-(4-sulfonatophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2-ureidophenylazo)naphthalene-1,3,6-trisulfonate (1:1) | 412-940-2 | 148878-18-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
607-476-00-4 | trisodium N,N-bis(carboxymethyl)-β-alanine | 414-070-9 | 129050-62-0 | C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 34-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
607-478-00-5 | tetramethylammonium hydrogen phthalate | 416-900-5 | 79723-02-7 | T; R25 Xn; R48/22 N; R50 | T; N R: 25-48/22-50 S: (1/2-)25-36-45-61 | | |
607-479-00-0 | hexadecyl 4-chloro-3-[2-(5,5-dimethyl-2,4-dioxo-1,3-oxazolidin-3-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxopentamido]benzoate | 418-550-9 | 168689-49-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-480-00-6 | 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid; di-C7-11-branched and linear alkylesters | 271-084-6 | 68515-42-4 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | T R: 61-62 S: 53-45 | | |
607-487-00-4 | reaction mass of: disodium 4-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-4-(5-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-hydroxy-1-(4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazol-4-yl)penta-2,4-dienylidene)-4,5-dihydro-5-oxopyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulfonate; trisodium 4-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-4-(5-(3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-oxido-1-(4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazol-4-yl)penta-2,4-dienylidene)-4,5-dihydro-5-oxopyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulfonate | 402-660-9 | — | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 R52-53 | T R: 61-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
607-488-00-X | ethyl (2-acetylamino-5-fluoro-4-isothiocyanatophenoxy)acetate | 414-210-9 | 147379-38-2 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-489-00-5 | reaction mass of: 2-ethylhexyl linolenate, linoleate and oleate; 2-ethylhexyl epoxyoleate; 2-ethylhexyl diepoxylinoleate; 2-ethylhexyl triepoxylinolenate | 414-890-7 | 71302-79-9 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-490-00-0 | N-[2-hydroxy-3-(C12-16-alkyloxy)propyl]-N-methyl glycinate | 415-060-7 | — | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
607-492-00-1 | 2-(1-(3',3'-dimethyl-1'-cyclohexyl)ethoxy)-2-methyl propyl propanoate | 415-490-5 | 141773-73-1 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
607-493-00-7 | methyl (3aR,4R,7aR)-2-methyl-4-(1S,2R,3-triacetoxypropyl)-3a,7a-dihydro-4H-pyrano[3,4-d]oxazole-6-carboxylate | 415-670-3 | 78850-37-0 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
607-494-00-2 | bis(2-ethylhexyl)octylphosphonate | 417-170-0 | 52894-02-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-495-00-8 | sodium 4-sulfophenyl-6-((1-oxononyl)amino)hexanoate | 417-550-6 | 168151-92-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
607-496-00-3 | 2,2'-methylenebis(4,6-di-tert-butyl-phenyl)-2-ethylhexyl phosphite | 418-310-3 | 126050-54-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-497-00-9 | cerium oxide isostearate | 419-760-3 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-498-00-4 | (E)-3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienylhexadecanoate | 421-370-3 | 3681-73-0 | Xi; R38 R53 | Xi R: 38-53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
607-499-00-X | bis(dimethyl-(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium) 1,2-ethanediyl-bis(2-hexadecenylsuccinate) | 421-660-1 | — | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
607-500-00-3 | calcium 2,2,bis[(5-tetrapropylene-2-hydroxy)phenyl]ethanoate | 421-670-4 | — | Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-50/53 S: (2-)37-60-61 | | |
607-501-00-9 | reaction mass of: triphenylthiophosphate and tertiary butylated phenyl derivatives | 421-820-9 | 192268-65-8 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
607-502-00-4 | (N-benzyl-N,N,N-tributyl)ammonium 4-dodecylbenzenesulfonate | 422-200-0 | 178277-55-9 | C; R34 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 22-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
607-503-00-X | 2,4,6-tri-n-propyl-2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5,2,4,6-trioxatriphosphorinane | 422-210-5 | 68957-94-8 | C; R34 | C R: 34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
607-505-00-0 | pentasodium 7-(4-(4-(5-amino-4-sulfonato-2-(4-((2-(sulfonato-ethoxy)sulfonyl)phenylazo)phenylamino)-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino-2-ureidophenylazo)naphtalene-1,3,6-trisulfonate | 422-930-1 | | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 22-61 | | |
607-506-00-6 | reaction mass of: strontium (4-chloro-2-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1-(3-sulfonatophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-5-methyl)benzenesulfonate; disodium (4-chloro-2-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1-(3-sulfonatophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-5-methyl)benzenesulfonate | 422-970-8 | | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 22-61 | | |
607-507-00-1 | potassium,sodium 2,4-diamino-3-[4-(2-sulfonatoethoxysulfonyl)phenylazo]-5-[4-(2-sulfonatoethoxysulfonyl)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-benzenesulfonate | 422-980-2 | 187026-95-5 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)22-26-39 | | |
607-508-00-7 | disodium 3,3'-[iminobis[sulfonyl-4,1-phenylene-(5-hydroxy-3-methylpyrazole-1,4-diyl)azo-4,1-phenylenesulfonylimino-(4-amino-6-hydroxypyrimidine-2,5-diyl)azo-4,1-phenylenesulfonylimino(4-amino-6-hydroxypyrimidine-2,5-diyl)azo]bis(benzenesulfonate)] | 423-110-4 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)22-26-39 | | |
607-512-00-9 | trisodium 2,4-diamino-3,5-bis-[4-(2-sulfonatoethoxy)sulfonyl)phenylazo]benzenesulfonate | 423-970-0 | 182926-43-8 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 22-61 | | |
607-513-00-4 | reaction mass of: Trisodium 4-benzoylamino-6-(6-ethenesulfonyl-1-sulfato-naphthalen-2-ylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; 5-(benzoylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-((1-sulfo-6-((2-(sulfooxy)ethyl)sulfonyl)-2-naphthyl)azo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid sodium salt; 5-(benzoylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-((1-sulfo-6-((2-(sulfooxy)ethyl)sulfonyl)-2-naphthyl)azo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid | 423-200-3 | — | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
607-515-00-5 | reaction mass of: disodium hexyldiphenyl ether disulphonate; disodium dihexyldiphenyl ether disulphonate | 429-650-7 | 147732-60-3 | Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
607-516-00-0 | N,N'-bis(trifluoroacetyl)-S,S'-bis L-homocysteine | 429-670-6 | 105996-54-1 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
607-517-00-6 | (S)-α-(acetylthio)benzenepropanoic acid | 430-300-0 | 76932-17-7 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 | Xn R: 22-41-43 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
607-526-00-5 | cartap (ISO); 1,3-bis(carbamoylthio)-2-(dimethylamino)propane | — | 15263-53-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
607-527-00-0 | reaction mass of: 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-tridecafluorooctyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heptdecafluorodecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heneicosafluorododecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-tridecafluorooctyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-pentacosafluorotetradecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-heptadecafluorodecyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heptadecafluorodecyl)dodecanedioate; 1-(1'H,1'H,2'H,2'H-heptadecafluorodecyl)-12-(1''H,1''H,2''H,2''H-heneicosafluorododecyl)dodecanedioate | 423-180-6 | — | Xn; R48/22 | Xn R: 48/22 S: (2-)36 | | |
608-001-00-3 | acetonitrile; cyanomethane | 200-835-2 | 75-05-8 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22-36 S: (2-)16-36/37 | | |
608-002-00-9 | trichloroacetonitrile | 208-885-7 | 545-06-2 | T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)45-61 | | |
608-003-00-4 | acrylonitrile | 203-466-5 | 107-13-1 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 Xi; R37/38-41 R43 N; R51-53 | F; T; N R: 45-11-23/24/25-37/38-41-43-51/53 S: - 53-45-61 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 608-004-00-X | 2-hydroxy-2-methylpropionitrile; 2-cyanopropan-2-ol; acetone cyanohydrin | 200-909-4 | 75-86-5 | T+; R26/27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)7/9-27-45-60-61 | | |
608-005-00-5 | n-butyronitrile | 203-700-6 | 109-74-0 | R10 ⊗ T; R23/24/25 | T R: 10-23/24/25 S: (1/2-)45 | | |
608-006-00-0 | bromoxynil (ISO) 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxybenzonitrile; bromoxynil phenol | 216-882-7 | 1689-84-5 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T+; R26 T; R25 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 25-26-43-63-50/53 S: (1/2-)27/28-36/37-45-63-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 608-007-00-6 | ioxynil (ISO) 4-hydroxy-3,5-diiodobenzonitrile | 216-881-1 | 1689-83-4 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T; R23/25 Xn; R21-48/22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-23/25-36-48/22-63-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61-63 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 608-008-00-1 | chloroacetonitrile | 203-467-0 | 107-14-2 | T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)45-61 | | |
608-009-00-7 | malononitrile | 203-703-2 | 109-77-3 | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-27-45-60-61 | | |
608-010-00-2 | methacrylonitrile; 2-methyl-2-propene nitrile | 204-817-5 | 126-98-7 | F; R11 T; R23/24/25 R43 | F; T R: 11-23/24/25-43 S: (1/2-)9-16-18-29-45 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 1 % Xn; R20/21/22: 0,2 % ≤ C 608-011-00-8 | oxalonitrile; cyanogen | 207-306-5 | 460-19-5 | F; R11 ⊗ T; R23 N; R50-53 | F; T; N R: 11-23-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-45-60-61 | | |
608-012-00-3 | benzonitrile | 202-855-7 | 100-47-0 | Xn; R21/22 | Xn R: 21/22 S: (2-)23 | | |
608-013-00-9 | 2-chlorobenzonitrile | 212-836-5 | 873-32-5 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 21/22-36 S: (2-)23 | | |
608-014-00-4 | chlorothalonil (ISO); tetrachloroisophthalonitrile | 217-588-1 | 1897-45-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T+; R26 Xi; R41 Xi; R37 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26-37-40-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 608-015-00-X | dichlobenil (ISO); 2,6-dichlorobenzonitrile | 214-787-5 | 1194-65-6 | Xn; R21 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
608-016-00-5 | 1,4-Dicyano-2,3,5,6-tetra-chloro-benzene | 401-550-8 | 1897-41-2 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
608-017-00-0 | bromoxynil octanoate (ISO); 2,6-dibromo-4-cyanophenyl octanoate | 216-885-3 | 1689-99-2 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T; R23 Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-23-43-63-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-63-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 608-018-00-6 | ioxynil octanoate (ISO); 4-cyano-2,6-diiodophenyl octanoate | 223-375-4 | 3861-47-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T; R25 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-36-43-63-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 608-019-00-1 | 2,2'-dimethyl-2,2'-azodipropiononitrile; ADZN | 201-132-3 | 78-67-1 | E; R2 F; R11 Xn; R20/22 R52-53 | E; Xn R: 2-11-20/22-52/53 S: (2-)39-41-47-61 | | |
608-021-00-2 | 3-(2-(diaminomethyleneamino)thiazol-4-ylmethylthio)propionitrile | 403-710-2 | 76823-93-3 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
608-022-00-8 | 3,7-dimethyloctanenitrile | 403-620-3 | 40188-41-8 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
608-023-00-3 | fenbuconazole (ISO) 4-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-phenyl-2-[(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl]butanenitrile | 406-140-2 | 114369-43-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
608-024-00-9 | 2-(4-(N-butyl-N-phenethylamino)phenyl)ethylene-1,1,2-tricarbonitrile | 407-650-8 | 97460-76-9 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
608-025-00-4 | 2-nitro-4,5-bis(benzyloxy)phenylacetonitrile | 410-970-0 | 117568-27-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
608-026-00-X | 3-cyano-3,5,5-trimethylcyclohexanone | 411-490-4 | 7027-11-4 | Xn; R22-48/22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-43-48/22-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
608-027-00-5 | reaction mass of: 3-(4-ethylphenyl)-2,2-dimethylpropanenitrile; 3-(2-ethylphenyl)-2,2-dimethylpropanenitrile; 3-(3-ethylphenyl)-2,2-dimethylpropanenitrile | 412-660-0 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
608-028-00-0 | 4-(2-cyano-3-phenylamino-acryloyloxymethyl)-cyclohexyl-methyl 2-cyano-3-phenylamino)-acrylate | 413-510-7 | 147374-67-2 | Xn; R48/20/21 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 43-48/20/21-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
608-029-00-6 | 1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-1-[3-(1-methylethoxy)propyl]-2-oxo-3-pyridinecarbonitrile | 411-990-2 | 68612-94-2 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
608-030-00-1 | N-acetyl-N-[5-cyano-3-(2-dibutylamino-4-phenylthyazol-5-yl-methylene)-4-methyl-2,6-dioxo-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridin-1-yl]benzamide | 412-340-0 | 147741-93-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
608-031-00-7 | 2-benzyl-2-methyl-3-butenitrile | 407-870-4 | 97384-48-0 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
608-033-00-8 | N-butyl-3-(2-chloro-4-nitrophenylhydrazono)-1-cyano-2-methylprop-1-ene-1,3-dicarboximide | 407-970-8 | 75511-91-0 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
608-034-00-3 | chlorfenapyr; 4-bromo-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-ethoxymethyl-5-trifluoromethylpyrrole-3-carbonitrile | — | 122453-73-0 | T; R23 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-23-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
608-035-00-9 | (±)-α-[(2-acetyl-5-methylphenyl)-amino]-2,6-dichlorobenzene-aceto-nitrile | 419-290-9 | — | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
608-036-00-4 | 3-(2-{4-[2-(4-cyanophenyl)vinyl]phenyl}vinyl)benzonitrile | 419-060-8 | 79026-02-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
608-037-00-X | reaction mass of: (E)-2,12-tridecadiennitrile; (E)-3,12-tridecadiennitrile; (Z)-3,12-tridecadiennitrile | 422-190-8 | | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
608-038-00-5 | 2,2,4-trimethyl-4-phenyl-butane-nitrile | 422-580-8 | 75490-39-0 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
608-039-00-0 | 2-phenylhexanenitrile | 423-460-8 | 3508-98-3 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)23-60-61 | | |
608-040-00-6 | 4,4'-dithiobis(5-amino-1-(2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carbonitrile) | 423-490-1 | 130755-46-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
608-041-00-1 | 4'-((2-butyl-4-oxo-1,3-diazaspiro[4.4]non-1-ene-3-yl)methyl)(1,1'-biphenyl)-2-carbonitrile | 423-500-4 | 138401-24-8 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
608-043-00-2 | 3-(cis-3-hexenyloxy)propanenitril | 415-220-6 | 142653-61-0 | T; R23 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-23-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
608-065-00-2 | salts of bromoxynil with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T+; R26 T; R25 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 25-26-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)27/28-36/37-45-63-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 608-066-00-8 | salts of ioxynil with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T; R23/25 Xn; R21-48/22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-23/25-36-48/22-63-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-63-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 609-001-00-6 | 1-nitropropane | 203-544-9 | 108-03-2 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 10-20/21/22 S: (2-)9 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
609-002-00-1 | 2-nitropropane | 201-209-1 | 79-46-9 | R10 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R20/22 | T R: 45-10-20/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
609-003-00-7 | nitrobenzene | 202-716-0 | 98-95-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25-48/23/24 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-40-48/23/24-51/53-62 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
609-004-00-2 | dinitrobenzene; [1] 1,4-dinitrobenzene; [2] 1,3-dinitrobenzene; [3] 1,2-dinitrobenzene [4] | 246-673-6 [1] 202-833-7 [2] 202-776-8 [3] 208-431-8 [4] | 25154-54-5 [1] 100-25-4 [2] 99-65-0 [3] 528-29-0 [4] | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
609-005-00-8 | 1,3,5-trinitrobenzene | 202-752-7 | 99-35-4 | E; R2 ⊗ T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50-53 | E; T+; N R: 2-26/27/28-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)35-45-60-61 | | |
609-006-00-3 | 4-nitrotoluene | 202-808-0 | 99-99-0 | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-37-45-61 | | |
609-007-00-9 | 2,4-dinitrotoluene; dinitrotoluene, technical grade; [1] dinitrotoluene [2] | 204-450-0 [1] 246-836-1 [2] | 121-14-2 [1] 25321-14-6 [2] | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-48/22-62-68-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
609-008-00-4 | 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene; TNT | 204-289-6 | 118-96-7 | E; R2 T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R51-53 | E; T; N R: 2-23/24/25-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)35-45-61 | | |
609-009-00-X | 2,4,6-trinitrophenol; picric acid | 201-865-9 | 88-89-1 | E; R2 ⊗ R4 T; R23/24/25 | E; T R: 2-4-23/24/25 S: (1/2-)28-35-37-45 | | |
609-010-00-5 | salts of picric acid | — | — | E; R3 T; R23/24/25 | E; T R: 3-23/24/25 S: (1/2-)28-35-37-45 | | A |
609-011-00-0 | 2,4,6-trinitroanisole | — | 606-35-9 | E; R2 Xn; R20/21/22 N; R51-53 | E; Xn; N R: 2-20/21/22-51/53 S: (2-)35-61 | | |
609-012-00-6 | 2,4,6-trinitro-m-cresol | 210-027-1 | 602-99-3 | E; R2 R4 Xn; R20/21/22 | E; Xn R: 2-4-20/21/22 S: (2-)35 | | |
609-013-00-1 | 2,4,6-trinitro-m-xylene | 211-187-5 | 632-92-8 | E; R2 Xn; R20/21/22 R33 | E; Xn R: 2-20/21/22-33 S: (2-)35 | | |
609-015-00-2 | 4-nitrophenol; p-nitrophenol | 202-811-7 | 100-02-7 | Xn; R20/21/22 R33 | Xn R: 20/21/22-33 S: (2-)28 | | |
609-016-00-8 | dinitrophenol (reaction mass of isomers); [1] 2,4(or 2,6)-dinitrophenol [2] | 247-096-2 [1] 275-732-9 [2] | 25550-58-7 [1] 71629-74-8 [2] | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-37-45-60-61 | | |
609-018-00-9 | 2,4,6-trinitroresorcinol; styphnic acid | 201-436-6 | 82-71-3 | E; R2 ⊗ R4 Xn; R20/21/22 | E; Xn R: 2-4-20/21/22 S: (2-)35 | | |
609-019-00-4 | lead 2,4,6-trinitro-m-phenylene dioxide; lead 2,4,6-trinitroresorcinoxide; lead styphnate | 239-290-0 | 15245-44-0 | E; R3 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/22 R33 N; R50-53 | E; T; N R: 61-3-20/22-33-50/53-62 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E 1 |
609-020-00-X | DNOC (ISO); 4,6-dinitro-o-cresol | 208-601-1 | 534-52-1 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T+; R26/27/28 Xi; R38-41 R43 R44 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-38-41-43-44-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
609-021-00-5 | sodium salt of DNOC; sodium 4,6-dinitro-o-cresolate; [1] potassium salt of DNOC; potassium 4,6-dinitro-o-cresolate [2] | 219-007-7 [1] [2] | 2312-76-7 [1] 5787-96-2 [2] | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-60-61 | | |
609-022-00-0 | ammonium salt of DNOC; ammonium 4,6-dinitro-o-tolyl oxide | 221-037-0 | 2980-64-5 | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-60-61 | | |
609-023-00-6 | dinocap (ISO) | 254-408-0 | 39300-45-3 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R20-48/22 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-20-22-38-43-48/22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
609-024-00-1 | binapacryl (ISO); 2-sec-butyl-4,6-dinitrophenyl-3-methylcrotonate | 207-612-9 | 485-31-4 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-21/22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
609-025-00-7 | dinoseb (ISO); 6-sec-butyl-2,4-dinitrophenol | 201-861-7 | 88-85-7 | R44 T; R24/25 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-62-24/25-36-44-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
609-026-00-2 | salts and esters of dinoseb, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | R44 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R24/25 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-62-24/25-36-44-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | AE |
609-027-00-8 | dinocton; reaction mass of isomers: methyl 2-octyl-4,6-dinitrophenyl carbonate, methyl 4-octyl-2,6-dinitrophenyl carbonate | — | 63919-26-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
609-028-00-3 | dinex (ISO); 2-cyclohexyl-4,6-dinitrophenol | 205-042-5 | 131-89-5 | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-60-61 | | |
609-029-00-9 | salts and esters of dinex | — | — | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-60-61 | | A |
609-030-00-4 | dinoterb (ISO); 2-tert-butyl-4,6-dinitrophenol | 215-813-8 | 1420-07-1 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 T+; R28 T; R24 R44 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 61-24-28-44-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
609-031-00-X | salts and esters of dinoterb | — | — | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 T+; R28 T; R24 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 61-24-28-50/53 S: 45-53-60-61 | | AE |
609-032-00-5 | bromofenoxim (ISO); 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxybenzaldehyde-O-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)-oxime | 236-129-6 | 13181-17-4 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)25-60-61 | | |
609-033-00-0 | dinosam (ISO); 2-(1-methylbutyl)-4,6-dinitrophenol | — | 4097-36-3 | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-60-61 | | |
609-034-00-6 | salts and esters of dinosam | — | — | T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-60-61 | | A |
609-035-00-1 | nitroethane | 201-188-9 | 79-24-3 | R10 Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 10-20/22 S: (2-)9-25-41 | Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 12,5 % | |
609-036-00-7 | nitromethane | 200-876-6 | 75-52-5 | R5-10 Xn; R22 | Xn R: 5-10-22 S: (2-)41 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 12,5 % | |
609-037-00-2 | 5-nitroacenaphthene | 210-025-0 | 602-87-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
609-038-00-8 | 2-nitronaphthalene | 209-474-5 | 581-89-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
609-039-00-3 | 4-nitrobiphenyl | 202-204-7 | 92-93-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
609-040-00-9 | nitrofen (ISO); 2,4-dichlorophenyl 4-nitrophenyl ether | 217-406-0 | 1836-75-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-61-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
609-041-00-4 | 2,4-dinitrophenol | 200-087-7 | 51-28-5 | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50 S: (1/2-)28-37-45-61 | | |
609-042-00-X | pendimethalin (ISO); N-(1-ethylpropyl)-2,6-dinitro-3,4-xylidine | 254-938-2 | 40487-42-1 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-29-37-60-61 | | |
609-043-00-5 | quintozene (ISO); pentachloronitrobenzene | 201-435-0 | 82-68-8 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)13-24-37-60-61 | | |
609-044-00-0 | tecnazene (ISO); 1,2,4,5-tetrachloro-3-nitrobenzene | 204-178-2 | 117-18-0 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
609-045-00-6 | reaction mass of: 4,6-dinitro-2-(3-octyl)phenyl methyl carbonate and 4,6-dinitro-2-(4-octyl)phenyl methyl carbonate; dinocton-6 | — | 8069-76-9 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
609-046-00-1 | trifluralin (ISO) (containing 609-047-00-7 | 2-nitroanisole | 202-052-1 | 91-23-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 | T R: 45-22 S: 53-45 | | E |
609-048-00-2 | sodium 3-nitrobenzenesulphonate | 204-857-3 | 127-68-4 | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)24-26-37 | | |
609-049-00-8 | 2,6-dinitrotoluene | 210-106-0 | 606-20-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/22 R52-53 | T R: 45-23/24/25-48/22-62-68-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
609-050-00-3 | 2,3-dinitrotoluene | 210-013-5 | 602-01-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-48/22-62-68-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
609-051-00-9 | 3,4-dinitrotoluene | 210-222-1 | 610-39-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-48/22-62-68-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
609-052-00-4 | 3,5-dinitrotoluene | 210-566-2 | 618-85-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/22 R52-53 | T R: 45-23/24/25-48/22-62-68-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
609-053-00-X | hydrazine-trinitromethane | 414-850-9 | — | E; R3 O; R8 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/25 R43 | E; T R: 45-3-8-23/25-43 S: 53-45 | | E |
609-054-00-5 | 2,3-dinitrophenol; [1] 2,5-dinitrophenol; [2] 2,6-dinitrophenol; [3] 3,4-dinitrophenol; [4] salts of dinitrophenol [5] | 200-628-7 [1] 206-348-1 [2] 209-357-9 [3] 209-415-3 [4] [5] | 66-56-8 [1] 329-71-5 [2] 573-56-8 [3] 577-71-9 [4] [5] | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-51 S: (1/2-)28-37-45-61 | | |
609-055-00-0 | 2,5-dinitrotoluene | 210-581-4 | 619-15-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-48/22-62-68-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
609-056-00-6 | 2,2-dibromo-2-nitroethanol | 412-380-9 | 69094-18-4 | E; R2 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22-48/22 C; R35 R43 N; R50-53 | E; C; N R: 2-22-35-40-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 10 % C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 609-057-00-1 | 3-chloro-2,4-difluoronitrobenzene | 411-980-8 | 3847-58-3 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
609-058-00-7 | 2-nitro-2-phenyl-1,3-propanediol | 410-360-4 | 5428-02-4 | T; R39-48/25 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 21/22-39-41-43-48/25-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
609-059-00-2 | 2-chloro-6-(ethylamino)-4-nitrophenol | 411-440-1 | 131657-78-8 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37/39-61 | | |
609-060-00-8 | 4-[(3-hydroxypropyl)amino]-3-nitrophenol | 406-305-9 | 92952-81-3 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
609-061-00-3 | (E,Z)-4-chlorophenyl(cyclopropyl)ketone O-(4-nitrophenylmethyl)oxime | 406-100-4 | 94097-88-8 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
609-062-00-9 | 2-bromo-2-nitropropanol | 407-030-7 | 24403-04-1 | T; R24 Xn; R22-48/22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-24-34-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
609-063-00-4 | 2-[(4-chloro-2-nitrophenyl)amino]ethanol | 413-280-8 | 59320-13-7 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
609-064-00-X | mesotrione (ISO); 2-[4-(methylsulfonyl)-2-nitrobenzoyl]-1,3-cyclohexanedione | — | 104206-82-8 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
609-065-00-5 | 2-nitrotoluene | 201-853-3 | 88-72-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-46-22-62-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
609-066-00-0 | lithium sodium 3-amino-10-{4-(10-amino-6,13-dichloro-4,11-disulfonatobenzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-b]phenoxazine-3-ylamino)-6-[methyl(2-sulfonato-ethyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-6,13-dichlorobenzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-b]phenoxazine-4,11-disulfonate | 418-870-9 | 154212-58-5 | Xn; R20/21/22-68/20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22-68/20/21/22 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
609-067-00-6 | sodium and potassium 4-(3-aminopropylamino)-2,6-bis[3-(4-methoxy-2-sulfophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-sulfo-7-naphthylamino]-1,3,5-triazine | 416-280-6 | 156769-97-0 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
609-068-00-1 | musk xylene; 5-tert-butyl-2,4,6-trinitro-m-xylene | 201-329-4 | 81-15-2 | E; R2 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | E; Xn; N R: 2-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
609-070-00-2 | 1,4-dichloro-2-(1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoropropoxy)-5-nitrobenzene | 415-580-4 | 130841-23-5 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37/39-60-61 | | |
609-071-00-8 | reaction mass of: 2-methylsulfanyl-4,6-bis-(2-hydroxy-4-methoxy-phenyl)-1,3,5-triazine; 2-(4,6-bis-methylsulfanyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-methoxy-phenol | 423-520-3 | 156137-33-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
610-001-00-3 | trichloronitromethane; chloropicrin | 200-930-9 | 76-06-2 | Xn; R22 T+; R26 Xi; R36/37/38 | T+ R: 22-26-36/37/38 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45 | | |
610-002-00-9 | 1,1-dichloro-1-nitroethane | 209-854-0 | 594-72-9 | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)26-45 | | |
610-003-00-4 | chlorodinitrobenzene | — | — | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | C |
610-004-00-X | 2-chloro-1,3,5-trinitrobenzene | 201-864-3 | 88-88-0 | E; R2 T+; R26/27/28 N; R50-53 | E; T+; N R: 2-26/27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
610-005-00-5 | 1-chloro-4-nitrobenzene | 202-809-6 | 100-00-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/20/21/22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-40-48/20/21/22-68-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
610-006-00-0 | chloronitroanilines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | A C |
610-007-00-6 | 1-chloro-1-nitropropane | 209-990-0 | 600-25-9 | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-) | Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
610-008-00-1 | 2,6-dichloro-4-nitroanisole | 403-350-6 | 17742-69-7 | T; R25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 25-51/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
610-009-00-7 | 2-chloro-4-nitroaniline | 204-502-2 | 121-87-9 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-61 | | |
610-010-00-2 | 2-bromo-1-(2-furyl)-2-nitroethylene | 406-110-9 | 35950-52-8 | Xn; R22-48/22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
611-001-00-6 | azobenzene | 203-102-5 | 103-33-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/22-48/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-20/22-48/22-68-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
611-002-00-1 | azoxybenzene | 207-802-1 | 495-48-7 | Xn; R20/22 | Xn R: 20/22 S: (2-)28 | | |
611-003-00-7 | fenaminosulf (ISO); sodium 4-dimethylaminobenzenediazosulphonate | 205-419-4 | 140-56-7 | T; R25 Xn; R21 R52-53 | T R: 21-25-52/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
611-004-00-2 | methyl-ONN-azoxymethyl acetate; methyl azoxy methyl acetate | 209-765-7 | 592-62-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 | T R: 45-61 S: 53-45 | | |
611-005-00-8 | disodium {5-[(4'-((2,6-hydroxy-3-((2-hydroxy-5-sulphophenyl)azo)phenyl)azo)(1,1'-biphenyl)-4-yl)azo]salicylato(4-)}cuprate(2-); CI Direct Brown 95 | 240-221-1 | 16071-86-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
611-006-00-3 | 4-o-tolylazo-o-toluidine; 4-amino-2',3-dimethylazobenzene; fast garnet GBC base; AAT; o-aminoazotoluene | 202-591-2 | 97-56-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 R43 | T R: 45-43 S: 53-45 | | |
611-007-00-9 | tricyclazole (ISO); 5-methyl-1,2,4-triazolo(3,4-b)benzo-1,3-thiazole | 255-559-5 | 41814-78-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
611-008-00-4 | 4-aminoazobenzene; 4-phenylazoaniline | 200-453-6 | 60-09-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
611-009-00-X | sodium (1-(5-(4-(4-anilino-3-sulphophenylazo)-2-methyl-5-methylsulphonamidophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxido-3-(phenylazo)phenylazo)-5-nitro-4-sulphonato-2-naphtholato)iron(II) | 401-220-3 | — | Xn; R20 R52-53 | Xn R: 20-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
611-010-00-5 | 2'-(2-cyano-4,6-dinitrophenylazo)-5'-(N,N-dipropylamino)propionanilide | 403-010-7 | 106359-94-8 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
611-011-00-0 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyl-3,3'-(propylenebis(iminocarbonyl-4,1-phenylenazo(1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxopyridine-3,1-diyl)))di(propylammonium) dilactate | 403-340-1 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-012-00-6 | reaction mass of 2,2-iminodiethanol 6-methyl-2-(4-(2,4,6-triaminopyrimidin-5-ylazo)phenyl)benzothiazole-7-sulfonate and 2-methylaminoethanol 6-methyl-2-(4-(2,4,6-triaminopyrimidin-5-ylazo)phenyl)benzothiazole-7-sulfonate and N,N-diethylpropane-1,3-diamine 6-methyl-2-(4-(2,4,6-triaminopyrimidin-5-ylazo)phenyl)benzothiazole-7-sulfonate | 403-410-1 | 114565-65-0 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37 | | |
611-013-00-1 | trilithium-1-hydroxy-7-(3-sulfonatoanilino)-2-(3-methyl-4-(2-methoxy-4-(3-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)phenylazo)naphthalene-3-sulfonate | 403-650-7 | 117409-78-6 | E; R2 N; R51-53 | E; N R: 2-51/53 S: (2-)35-61 | | |
611-014-00-7 | (tetrasodium 1-(4-(3-acetamido-4-(4'-nitro-2,2'-disulfonatostilben-4-ylazo)anilino)-6-(2,5-disulfonatoanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-3-carboxypyridinium) hydroxide | 404-250-5 | 115099-55-3 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-015-00-2 | tetrasodium 4-amino-5-hydroxy-6-(4-(2-(2-(sulfonatooxy)ethylsulfonyl)ethylcarbamoyl)phenylazo)-3-(4-(2-(sulfonatooxy)ethylsulfonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 404-320-5 | 116889-78-2 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-016-00-8 | reaction mass of 1,1'-((dihydroxyphenylene)bis(azo-3,1-phenylenazo(1-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxopyridine-5,3-diyl)))dipyridinium dichloride dihydrochloride, mixed isomers and 1-(1-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-5-(3-((4-(1-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxo-5-pyridinio-3-pyridylazo)phenylazo)-2,4(or2,6 or3,5)-dihydroxyphenylazo)phenylazo)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxo-3-pyridyl)pyridinium dichloride | 404-540-1 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-017-00-3 | 2-(4-(diethylaminopropylcarbamoyl)phenylazo)-3-oxo-N-(2,3-dihydro-2-oxobenzimidazol-5-yl)butyramide | 404-910-2 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
611-018-00-9 | tetraammonium 5-(4-(7-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-6-sulfonato-1-naphthylazo)isophthalate | 405-130-5 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
611-019-00-4 | tetralithium 6-amino-4-hydroxy-3-(7-sulfonato-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)-1-naphthylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 405-150-4 | 106028-58-4 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
611-020-00-X | tetrakis(tetramethylammonium) 6-amino-4-hydroxy-3-(7-sulfonato-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)-1-naphthylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 405-170-3 | 116340-05-7 | T; R25 R43 R52-53 | T R: 25-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)22-24-37-45-61 | | |
611-021-00-5 | 2-(4-(4-cyano-3-methylisothiazol-5-ylazo)-N-ethyl-3-methylanilino)ethyl acetate | 405-480-9 | — | Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R38 R53 | Xn R: 22-38-48/22-53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
611-022-00-0 | 4-dimethylaminobenzenediazonium 3-carboxy-4-hydroxybenzenesulfonate | 404-980-4 | — | E; R2 T; R23/25 Xn; R21-48/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50/53 | E; T; N R: 2-21-23/25-41-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)3-12-26-35-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
611-023-00-6 | disodium 7-(4,6-dichloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-(sulfonatooxy)ethylsulfonyl)phenylazo) naphthalene-2-sulfonate | 404-600-7 | — | R43 | X R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-024-00-1 | Benzidine based azo dyes; 4,4'-diarylazobiphenyl dyes, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | A |
611-025-00-7 | disodium 4-amino-3-[[4'-[(2,4-diaminophenyl)azo][1,1'-biphenyl]-4-yl]azo]-5-hydroxy-6-(phenylazo)naphtalene-2,7-disulphonate; C.I. Direct Black 38 | 217-710-3 | 1937-37-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | T R: 45-63 S: 53-45 | | |
611-026-00-2 | tetrasodium 3,3'-[[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diylbis(azo)]bis[5-amino-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulphonate]; C.I. Direct Blue 6 | 220-012-1 | 2602-46-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | T R: 45-63 S: 53-45 | | |
611-027-00-8 | disodium 3,3'-[[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diylbis(azo)]bis(4-aminonaphthalene-1-sulphonate); C.I. Direct Red 28 | 209-358-4 | 573-58-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | T R: 45-63 S: 53-45 | | |
611-028-00-3 | C,C'-azodi(formamide) | 204-650-8 | 123-77-3 | R42 R44 ⊗ | Xn R: 42-44 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-029-00-9 | o-dianisidine based azo dyes; 4,4'-diarylazo-3,3'-dimethoxybiphenyl dyes with the exception of those mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | A H |
611-030-00-4 | o-tolidine based dyes; 4,4'-diarylazo-3,3'-dimethylbiphenyl dyes, with the exception of those mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | A H |
611-031-00-X | 4,4'-(4-iminocyclohexa-2,5-dienylidenemethylene)dianiline hydrochloride; C.I. Basic Red 9 | 209-321-2 | 569-61-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
611-032-00-5 | 1,4,5,8-tetraaminoanthraquinone; C.I. Disperse Blue 1 | 219-603-7 | 2475-45-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xi; R38-41 R43 | T R: 45-38-41-43 S: 53-45 | | |
611-033-00-0 | hexasodium [4,4''-azoxybis(2,2'-disulfonatostilbene-4,4'-diylazo)]-bis[5'-sulfonatobenzene-2,2'- diolato-O(2),O(2),N(1)]-copper(II) | 400-020-3 | 82027-60-9 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
611-034-00-6 | N-(5-(bis(2-methoxyethyl)amino)-2-((5-nitro-2,1-benzisothiazol-3-yl)azo)phenylacetamide | 402-430-8 | 105076-77-5 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-035-00-1 | tetralithium 6-amino-4-hydroxy-3-[7-sulfonato-4-(5-sulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-1-naphthylazo]naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 403-660-1 | 107246-80-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
611-036-00-7 | 2-(4-(5,6(or 6,7)-dichloro-1,3-benzothiazol-2-ylazo)-N-methyl-m-toluidino)ethyl acetate | 405-440-0 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-037-00-2 | 3(or 5)-(4-(N-benzyl-N-ethylamino)-2-methylphenylazo)-1,4-dimethyl-1,2,4-triazolium methylsulphate | 406-055-0 | 124584-00-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39-61 | | |
611-038-00-8 | trisodium 1-hydroxynaphthalene-2-azo-4'(5',5''-dimethylbiphenyl)-4''-azo(4''-phenylsulfonyloxybenzene)- 2',2'',4-trisulfonate | 406-820-9 | — | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)25-26 | | |
611-039-00-3 | 7-[((4,6-dichloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino)-4-hydroxy-3-(4-((2-sulfoxy)ethyl)sulfonyl)phenylazo]naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid | 407-050-6 | 117715-57-8 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-040-00-9 | 3-(5-acetylamino-4-(4-[4,6-bis(3-diethylaminopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]phenylazo)-2-(2-methoxyethoxy)phenylazo)-6-amino-4-hydroxy-2-naphthalenesulfonic acid | 407-670-7 | 115099-58-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
611-041-00-4 | 2-[[4[[4,6-bis[[3-(diethylamino)propyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazine-2-yl]amino]phenyl]azo]-N-(2,3-dihydro-2-oxo-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl)-3-oxobutanamide | 407-680-1 | 98809-11-1 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
611-042-00-X | trisodium 5-amino-3-[5-(2-bromoacryloylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-4-hydroxy-6-(4-vinylsulfonylphenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 411-770-6 | 136213-71-3 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
611-043-00-5 | reaction mass of: trisodium N(1')-N(2):N(1''')-N(2'')-η-6-[2-amino-4-(or 6)-hydroxy-(or 4-amino-2-hydroxy)phenylazo]-6''-(1-carbaniloyl-2-hydroxyprop-1-enylazo)-5',5'''-disulfamoyl-3,3''-disulfonatobis(naphthalene-2,1'-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato-O(1),O(2'))-chromate; trisodium N(1')-N(2):N(1''')-N(2'')-η-6,6''-bis(1-carbaniloyl-2-hydroxyprop-1-enylazo)-5',5'''-disulfamoyl-3,3''-disulfonatobis(naphthalene-2,1'azobenzene-1,2'-diolato-O(1),O(2'))-chromate; trisodium N(1')-N(2):N(1''')-N(2'')-η-6,6''-bis[2-amino-4-(or 6)-hydroxy-(or 4-amino-2-hydroxy)phenylazo]5',5'''-disulfamoyl-3,3''-disulfonatobis(naphthalene-2,1'azobenzene-1,2'-diolato-O(1),O(2'))-chromate (2:1:1) | 402-850-1 | — | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-044-00-0 | reaction mass of: tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium bis[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium bis[1-[(2-hydroxy-4-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium bis[1-[[5-(1,1-dimethylpropyl)-2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl]azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium [[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium [[1-[[5-(1,1-dimethylpropyl)-2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl]azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-[1-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]]-chromate(1-); tert-alkyl(C12-C14)ammonium ((1-(4(or 5)-nitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)(1-(3-nitro-2-oxido-5-pentylphenylazo)-2-naphtholato))chromate(1-) | 403-720-7 | 117527-94-3 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
611-045-00-6 | 2-[4-[N-(4-acetoxybutyl)-N-ethyl]amino-2-methylphenylazo]-3-acetyl-5-nitrothiophene | 404-830-8 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-046-00-1 | 4,4'-diamino-2-methylazobenzene | 407-590-2 | 43151-99-1 | T; R25 Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
611-047-00-7 | reaction mass of: 2-[[4-[N-ethyl-N-(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-5,6-dichlorobenzothiazole; 2-[[4-[N-ethyl-N-(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-6,7-dichlorobenzothiazole (1:1) | 407-890-3 | 111381-11-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-048-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2-[[4-[bis(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-5,6-dichlorobenzothiazole; 2-[[4-[bis(2-acetoxyethyl)amino]phenyl]azo]-6,7-dichlorobenzothiazole (1:1) | 407-900-6 | 111381-12-5 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-049-00-8 | reaction mass of 7-[4-(3-diethylaminopropylamino)-6-(3-diethylammoniopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-4-hydroxy-3-(4-phenylazophenylazo)-naphthalene-2-sulfonate, acetic acid, lactic acid (2:1:1) | 408-000-6 | 118658-98-3 | Xn; R48/22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 43-48/22-52/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
611-051-00-9 | 2-(4-(N-ethyl-N-(2-hydroxy)ethyl)amino-2-methylphenyl)azo-6-methoxy-3-methyl-benzothiazolium chloride | 411-110-7 | 136213-74-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
611-052-00-4 | monosodium aqua-[5-[[2,4-dihydroxy-5-[(2-hydroxy-3,5-dinitrophenyl)azo]phenyl]azo]-2-naphthalensulfonate], iron complex | 400-720-9 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
611-053-00-X | 2,2'-azobis[2-methylpropionamidine] dihydrochloride | 221-070-0 | 2997-92-4 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
611-055-00-0 | C.I. Disperse Yellow 3; N-[4-[(2-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl)azo]phenyl]acetamide | 220-600-8 | 2832-40-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 R43 | Xn R: 40-43 S: (2-)22-36/37-46 | | |
611-056-00-6 | C.I. Solvent Yellow 14; 1-phenylazo-2-naphthol | 212-668-2 | 842-07-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 R43 R53 | Xn R: 40-43-53-68 S: (2-)22-36/37-46-61 | | |
611-057-00-1 | 6-hydroxy-1-(3-isopropoxypropyl)-4-methyl-2-oxo-5-[4-(phenylazo)phenylazo]-1,2-dihydro-3-pyridinecarbonitrile | 400-340-3 | 85136-74-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 R53 | T R: 45-53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
611-058-00-7 | (6-(4-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenylazo)-2-sulfonato-7-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2,4-diyl)bis[(amino-1-methylethyl)ammonium] formate | 402-060-7 | 108225-03-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-41-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
611-059-00-2 | octasodium 2-(6-(4-chloro-6-(3-(N-methyl-N-(4-chloro-6-(3,5-disulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-1-hydroxy-6-naphthylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)aminomethyl)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-3,5-disulfonato-1-hydroxy-2-naphthylazo)naphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 412-960-1 | 148878-21-1 | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39-61 | | |
611-060-00-8 | reaction mass of: sodium 5-[8-[4-[4-[4-[7-(3,5-dicarboxylatophenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-1-ylamino]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-2,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo]-isophthalate; ammonium 5-[8-[4-[4-[4-[7-(3,5-dicarboxylatophenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-1-ylamino]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-2,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo]-isophthalate; 5-[8-[4-[4-[4-[7-(3,5-dicarboxylatophenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonatonaphthalen-1-ylamino]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-2,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl]-6-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonaphthalen-2-ylazo]-isophthalic acid | 413-180-4 | 187285-15-0 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)22-26-39 | | |
611-061-00-3 | disodium 5-[5-[4-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)benzamido]-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-1-ethyl-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxo-3-pyridylmethylsulfonate | 412-530-3 | — | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
611-062-00-9 | octasodium 2-(8-(4-chloro-6-(3-((4-chloro-6-(3,6-disulfonato-2-(1,5-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-1-hydroxynaphthalen-8-ylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)aminomethyl)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-3,6-disulfonato-1-hydroxynaphthalen-2-ylazo)naphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 413-550-5 | — | Xi; R38-41 | Xi R: 38-41 S: (2-)22-26-37/39 | | |
611-063-00-4 | trisodium [4'-(8-acetylamino-3,6-disulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-4''-(6-benzoylamino-3-sulfonato-2-naphthylazo)-biphenyl-1,3',3'',1'''-tetraolato-O,O',O'',O''']copper(II) | 413-590-3 | 164058-22-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
611-064-00-X | 4-(3,4-dichlorophenylazo)-2,6-di-sec-butyl-phenol | 410-600-8 | 124719-26-2 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 38-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)23-25-36/37-60-61 | | |
611-065-00-5 | 4-(4-nitrophenylazo)-2,6-di-sec-butyl-phenol | 410-610-2 | 111850-24-9 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 36/38-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)23-26-36/37-60-61 | | |
611-066-00-0 | tetrasodium 5-[4-chloro-6-(N-ethyl-anilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-4-hydroxy-3-(1,5-disulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 411-540-5 | 130201-57-9 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39-61 | | |
611-067-00-6 | reaction mass of: bis(tris(2-(2-hydroxy(1-methyl)ethoxy)ethyl)ammonium) 7-anilino-4-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxy-5-methyl-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)naphthalene-2-sulfonate; bis(tris(2-(2-hydroxy(2-methyl)ethoxy)ethyl)ammonium) 7-anilino-4-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxy-5-methyl-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo)naphthalene-2-sulfonate | 406-910-8 | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-52/53 S: (2-)26-36/39-61 | | |
611-068-00-1 | tetrasodium 4-amino-3,6-bis(5-[4-chloro-6-(2-hydroxyethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 400-690-7 | 85665-98-1 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
611-069-00-7 | N,N-di-[poly(oxyethylene)-co-poly(oxypropylene)]-4-[(3,5-dicyano-4-methyl-2-thienyl)azo)]-3-methylaniline | 413-380-1 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
611-070-00-2 | reaction mass of: disodium (6-(4-anisidino)-3-sulfonato-2-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-1-naphtholato)(1-(5-chloro-2-oxidophenylazo)-2-naphtholato)chromate(1-); trisodium bis(5-(4-anisidino)-3-sulfonato-2-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-1-naphtholato)chromate(1-) | 405-665-4 | — | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
611-071-00-8 | tris(tetramethylammonium) 5-hydroxy-1-(4-sulphonatophenyl)-4-(4-sulphonatophenylazo)pyrazole-3-carboxylate | 406-073-9 | 131013-81-5 | T; R25 R52-53 | T R: 25-52/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-61 | | |
611-072-00-3 | 2,4-bis[2,2'-[2-(N,N-dimethylamino)ethyloxycarbonyl]phenylazo]-1,3-dihydroxybenzene, dihydrochloride | 407-010-8 | 118208-02-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-073-00-9 | dimethyl 3,3'-(N-(4-(4-bromo-2,6-dicyanophenylazo)-3-hydroxyphenyl)imino)dipropionate | 407-310-9 | 122630-55-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-074-00-4 | reaction mass of: sodium/potassium (3-(4-(5-(5-chloro-2,6-difluoropyrimidin-4-ylamino)-2-methoxy-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-oxidophenylazo)-2,5,7-trisulfonato-4-naphtholato)copper(II); sodium/potassium (3-(4-(5-(5-chloro-4,6-difluoropyrimidin-2-ylamino)-2-methoxy-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-oxidophenylazo)-2,5,7-trisulfonato-4-naphtholato)copper(II) | 407-100-7 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-075-00-X | reaction mass of: tris(3,5,5-trimethylhexylammonium) 4-amino-3-(4-(4-(2-amino-4-hydroxyphenylazo)anilino)-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-6-phenylhydrazononaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; tris(3,5,5-trimethylhexylammonium) 4-amino-3-(4-(4-(4-amino-2-hydroxyphenylazo)anilino)-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo-6-phenylhydrazononaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate (2:1) | 406-000-0 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-076-00-5 | 3-(2,6-dichloro-4-nitrophenylazo)-1-methyl-2-phenylindole | 406-280-4 | 117584-16-4 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
611-077-00-0 | dilithium disodium (5,5'-diamino-(μ-4,4'-dihydroxy-1:2-κ-2,O4,O4',-3,3'-[3,3'-dihydroxy-1:2-κ-2-O3,O3'-biphenyl-4,4'-ylenebisazo-1:2-(N3,N4-η:N3',N4'-η)]-dinaphthalene-2,7-disulfonato(8)))dicuprate(2-) | 407-230-4 | 126637-70-5 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-078-00-6 | (2,2'-(3,3'-dioxidobiphenyl-4,4'-diyldiazo)bis(6-(4-(3-(diethylamino)propylamino)-6-(3-(diethylammonio)propylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-3-sulfonato-1-naphtholato))dicopper(II) acetate lactate | 407-240-9 | 159604-94-1 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
611-079-00-1 | disodium 7-[4-chloro-6-(N-ethyl-o-toluidino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-4-hydroxy-3-(4-methoxy-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-2-naphthalenesulfonate | 410-390-8 | 147703-64-8 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)22-26-39 | | |
611-080-00-7 | sodium 3-(2-acetamido-4-(4-(2-hydroxybutoxy)phenylazo)phenylazo)benzenesulfonate | 410-150-2 | 147703-65-9 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-081-00-2 | tetrasodium [7-(2,5-dihydroxy-KO2-7-sulfonato-6-[4-(2,5,6-trichloro-pyrimidin-4-ylamino)phenylazo]-(N1,N7-N)-1-naphthylazo)-8-hydroxy-KO8-naphthalene-1,3,5-trisulfonato(6-)]cuprate(II) | 411-470-5 | 141048-13-7 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
611-082-00-8 | reaction mass of: pentasodium bis(1-(3(or 5)-(4-anilino-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxidophenylazo)-6-nitro-4-sulfonato-2-naphtholato)ferrate(1-); pentasodium [(1-(3-(4-anilino-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxidophenylazo)-6-nitro-4-sulfonato-2-naphtholato)-(5-(4-anilino-3-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxy-2-oxidophenylazo)-6-nitro-4-sulfonato-2-naphtholato]ferrate(1-) | 407-570-3 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
611-083-00-3 | reaction mass of: 2-[N-ethyl-4-[(5,6-dichlorobenzothiazol-2-yl)azo]-m-toludino]ethyl acetate; 2-[N-ethyl-4-[(6,7-dichlorobenzothiazol-2-yl)azo]-m-toludino]ethyl acetate (1:1) | 411-560-4 | — | T; R48/25 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 43-48/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-61 | | |
611-084-00-9 | reaction mass of: N-(4-chlorophenyl)-4-(2,5-dichloro-4-(dimethylsulfamoyl)phenylazo)-3-hydroxy-2-naphthalenecarboxamide; N-(4-chlorophenyl)-4-(2,5-dichloro-4-(methylsulfamoyl)phenylazo)-3-hydroxy-2-naphthalenecarboxamide | 412-550-2 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-085-00-4 | reaction mass of: 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-2-(2-hydroxy-ethylamino)-4-methyl-6-[3-(2-phenoxyethoxy)propylamino]pyridine; 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-6-(2-hydroxy-ethylamino)-4-methyl-2-[3-(2-phenoxyethoxy)propylamino]pyridine; 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-2-amino-4-methyl-6-[3-(3-hydroxypropoxy)propylamino]pyridine; 3-cyano-5-(2-cyano-4-nitro-phenylazo)-6-amino-4-methyl-2-[3-(3-methoxypropoxy)propylamino]pyridine | 411-880-4 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
611-086-00-X | monolithium 5-[[2,4-dihydroxy-5-[(2-hydroxy-3,5-dinitrophenyl)azo]phenyl]azo]-2-naphthalenesulfonate], iron complex, monohydrate | 411-360-7 | — | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
611-087-00-5 | reaction mass of: 3-((5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-1,4-dimethyl-2-hydroxyl-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)azo)-benzoyloxy-2-phenoxyethane; 3-((5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-1,4-dimethyl-2-hydroxy-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)azo)-benzoyloxy-2-ethyloxy-2-(ethylphenol) | 411-710-9 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-088-00-0 | reaction mass of: trilithium 4-amino-3-((4-((4-((2-amino-4-hydroxyphenyl)azo)phenyl)amino)-3-sulfophenyl)azo)-5-hydroxy-6-(phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trilithium 4-amino-3-((4-((4-((4-amino-2-hydroxyphenyl)azo)phenyl)amino)-3-sulfophenyl)azo)-5-hydroxy-6-(phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 411-890-9 | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
611-089-00-6 | 2-((4-(ethyl-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino)-2-methylphenyl)azo)-6-methoxy-3-methyl-benzothiazolium methylsulfate | 411-100-2 | 136213-73-5 | Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
611-090-00-1 | 2,5-dibutoxy-4-(morpholin-4-yl)benzenediazonium 4-methylbenzenesulfonate | 413-290-2 | 93672-52-7 | F; R11 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | F; Xn R: 11-22-41-43-52/53 S: (2-)12-22-24-26-37/39-47-61 | | |
611-091-00-7 | sodium (1.0-1.95)/lithium (0.05-1) 5-((5-((5-chloro-6-fluoro-pyrimidin-4-yl)amino)-2-sulfonatophenyl)azo)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-1,4-dimethyl-2-oxo-3-pyridinemethylsulfonate | 413-470-0 | 134595-59-8 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24/25-37 | | |
611-092-00-2 | tert-(dodecyl/tetradecyl)-ammonium bis(3-(4-((5-(1,1-dimethyl-propyl)-2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)azo)-3-methyl-5-hydroxy-(1H)pyrazol-1-yl)benzenesulfonamidato)chromate | 413-210-6 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
611-093-00-8 | sodium 2-(4-(4-fluoro-6-(2-sulfo-ethylamino)-[1,3,5]triazin-2-ylamino)-2-ureido-phenylazo)-5-(4-sulfophenylazo)benzene-1-sulfonate | 410-770-3 | 146177-84-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-094-00-3 | reaction mass of: 2-[2-acetylamino-4-[N,N-bis[2-ethoxy-carbonyloxy)ethyl]amino]phenylazo]-5,6-dichloro-1,3-benzothiazole; 2-[2-acetylamino-4-[N,N-bis[2-ethoxy-carbonyloxy)ethyl]amino]phenylazo]-6,7-dichloro-1,3-benzotriazole (1:1) | 411-600-0 | 143145-93-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-095-00-9 | hexasodium 1,1'-[(1-amino-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonate-2,7-naphthalenediyl)bis(azo(4-sulfonate-1,3-phenyl)imino[6-[(4-chloro-3-sulfonatophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2,4-diyl]]]bis[3-carboxypyridinium] dihydroxide | 412-240-7 | 89797-03-5 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 22-61 | | |
611-096-00-4 | methyl N-[3-acetylamino)-4-(2-cyano-4-nitrophenylazo)phenyl]-N-[(1-methoxy)acetyl]glycinate | 413-040-2 | 149850-30-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-097-00-X | reaction mass of iron complexes of: 1,3-dihydroxy-4-[(5-phenylaminosulfonyl)-2-hydroxyphenylazo]-n-(5-amino-sulfonyl-2-hydroxyphenylazo)benzene and: 1,3-dihydroxy-4-[(5-phenylaminosulfonyl)-2-hydroxyphenylazo]-n-[4-(4-nitro-2-sulfophenylamino)phenylazo]benzene (n=2,5,6) | 414-150-3 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
611-098-00-5 | tetrakis(tetramethylammonium)3,3'-(6-(2-hydroxyethylamino)1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diylbisimino(2-methyl-4,1-phenyleneazo))bisnaphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 405-950-3 | 131013-83-7 | T; R25 R52-53 | T R: 25-52/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-61 | | |
611-099-00-0 | (methylenebis(4,1-phenylenazo(1-(3-(dimethylamino)propyl)-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxopyridine-5,3-diyl)))-1,1'-dipyridinium dichloride dihydrochloride | 401-500-5 | 118658-99-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
611-100-00-4 | potassium sodium 3,3'-(3(or4)-methyl-1,2-phenylenebis(imino(6-chloro)-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diylimino(2-acetamido-5-methoxy)-4,1-phenylenazo)dinaphthalene-1,5-disulfonate | 403-810-6 | 140876-13-7 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
611-101-00-X | 2'-(4-chloro-3-cyano-5-formyl-2-thienyl)azo-5'-diethylaminoacetanilide | 405-200-5 | 104366-25-8 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-103-00-0 | trisodium (1-(3-carboxylato-2-oxido-5-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-7-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-amido)nickel(II) | 407-110-1 | — | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
611-104-00-6 | reaction mass of: trisodium (2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)(2(or 4or 6)-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-4(or 2or 6)-(4-(4-nitro-2-sulfonatoanilino)phenylazo)phenolato)ferrate(1-); trisodium bis(2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)ferrate(1-); trisodium (2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)(2(or 4 or 6)-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-4(or 2 or 6)-(4-nitro-2-sulfonatophenylazo)phenolato)ferrate(1-); trisodium (2,4(or 2,6 or 4,6)-bis(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxyphenolato)(2(or 4 or 6)-(3,5-dinitro-2-oxidophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-4(or 2 or 6)-(3-sulfonatophenylazo)phenolato)ferrate(1-); disodium 3,3'-(2,4-dihydroxy-1,3(or 1,5 or 3,5)-phenylenediazo)dibenzenesulfonate | 406-870-1 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
611-105-00-1 | sodium 4-(4-chloro-6-(N-ethylanilino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-(1-(2-chlorophenyl)-5-hydroxy-3-methyl-1H-pyrazol-4-ylazo)benzenesulfonate | 407-800-2 | 136213-75-7 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
611-106-00-7 | hexasodium 4,4'-dihydroxy-3,3'-bis[2-sulfonato-4-(4-sulfonatophenylazo)phenylazo]-7,7'[p-phenylenebis[imino(6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl)imino]]dinaphthalene-2-sulfonate | 410-180-6 | 157627-99-1 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
611-107-00-2 | potassium sodium 4-(4-chloro-6-(3,6-disulfonato-7-(5,8-disulfonato-naphthalen-2-ylazo)-8-hydroxy-naphthalen-1-ylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-5-hydroxy-6-(4-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)-phenylazo)-naphthalene-1,7-disulfonate | 412-490-7 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-108-00-8 | disodium 5-((4-((4-chloro-3-sulfonatophenyl)azo)-1-naphthyl)azo)-8-(phenylamino)-1-naphthalenesulfonate | 413-600-6 | 6527-62-4 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
611-109-00-3 | Reaction products of: copper(II) sulfate and tetrasodium 2,4-bis[6-(2-methoxy-5-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-7-sulfonato-2-naphthylamino]-6-(2-hydroxyethylamino)-1,3,5-triazine (2:1) | 407-710-3 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
611-110-00-9 | tetra-sodium/lithium 4,4'-bis-(8-amino-3,6-disulfonato-1-naphthol-2-ylazo)-3-methylazobenzene | 408-210-8 | 124605-82-9 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-28-37-61 | | |
611-111-00-4 | disodium 2-[[4-(2-chloroethylsulfonyl)phenyl]-[(2-hydroxy-5-sulfo-3-[3-[2-(2-(sulfooxy)ethylsulfonyl)ethylazo]-4-sulfobenzoato(3-)cuprate(1-) | 414-230-8 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-112-00-X | tetrasodium 4-hydroxy-5-[4-[3-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)phenylamino]-6-morpholin-4-yl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 413-070-6 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-113-00-5 | lithium sodium (2-(((5-((2,5-dichlorophenyl)azo)-2-hydroxyphenyl)methylene)amino)benzoato(2-))(2-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1-phenyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-5-sulfobenzoato(3-)) chromate(2-) | 414-280-0 | 149626-00-6 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 24/25-61 | | |
611-114-00-0 | lithium sodium (4-((5-chloro-2-hydroxyphenyl)azo)-2,4-dihydro-5-methyl-3H-pyrazol-3-onato(2-))(3-((4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-1-(4-methylphenyl)-5-oxo-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)azo)-4-hydroxy-5-nitrobenzenesulfonato(3-)) chromate(2-) | 414-250-7 | 149564-66-9 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
611-115-00-6 | trilithium bis(4-((4-(diethylamino)-2-hydroxyphenyl)azo)-3-hydroxy-1-naphthalenesulfonato(3-))chromate(3-) | 414-290-5 | 149564-65-8 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
611-116-00-1 | reaction mass of: trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(2,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-4-ylamino)-propylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(2,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-4-ylamino)-1-methyl-ethylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalene-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(4,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-2-ylamino)-propylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; trisodium 5-{4-chloro-6-[2-(4,6-dichloro-5-cyanopyrimidin-2-ylamino)-1-methyl-ethylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfonatonaphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 414-620-8 | — | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
611-117-00-7 | 1,3-bis{6-fluoro-4-[1,5-disulfo-4-(3-aminocarbonyl-1-ethyl-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-pyrid-2-on-5-ylazo)-phenyl-2-ylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}propane lithium-, sodium salt | 415-100-3 | 149850-29-3 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-118-00-2 | sodium 1,2-bis[4-[4-{4-(4-sulfophenylazo)-2-sulfophenylazo}-2-ureido-phenyl-amino]-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-propane, sodium salt | 413-990-8 | | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
611-119-00-8 | tetrasodium 4-[4-chloro-6-(4-methyl-2-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-6-(4,5-dimethyl-2-sulfophenylazo)-5-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 415-400-4 | 148878-22-2 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
611-120-00-3 | 5-{4-[5-amino-2-[4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)phenylazo]-4-sulfo-phenylamino]-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-4-hydroxy-3-(1-sulfo-naphthalen-2-ylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonicacid sodium salt | 418-340-7 | 157707-94-3 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
611-121-00-9 | Main component 6 (isomer): asym. 1:2 Cr(III)-complex of: A: 3-hydroxy-4-(2-hydroxy-naphthalene-1-ylazo)naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid, Na-salt and B: 1-[2-hydroxy-5-(4-methoxy-phenylazo)phenylazo]naphthalene-2-ol; Main component 8 (isomer): asym. 1:2 Cr-complex of: A: 3-hydroxy-4-(2-hydroxy-naphthalene-1-ylazo)-naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid, Na-salt and B: 1-[2-hydroxy-5-(4-methoxy-phenylazo)-phenylazo]-naphthalene-2-ol | 417-280-9 | 30785-74-1 | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
611-122-00-4 | hexasodium (di[N-(3-(4-[5-(5-amino-3-methyl-1-phenylpyrazol-4-yl-azo)-2,4-disulfo-anilino]-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)phenyl)-sulfamoyl](di-sulfo)-phthalocyaninato)nickel | 417-250-5 | 151436-99-6 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
611-123-00-X | 3-(2,4-bis(4-((5-(4,6-bis(2-aminopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-4-hydroxy-2,7-disulfonaphthalen-3-yl)azo)phenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-6-ylamino)propyldiethylammonium lactate | 424-310-4 | 178452-66-9 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
611-124-00-5 | reaction mass of: pentasodium 5-amino-3-(5-{4-chloro-6-[4-(2-sulfoxyethoxysulfonato)phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-6-[5-(2,3-dibromopropionylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; pentasodium 5-amino-6-[5-(2-bromoacryloylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-3-(5-{4-chloro-6-[4-(2-sulfoxyethoxysulfonato)phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate; tetrasodium 5-amino-3-[5-{4-chloro-6-[4-(vinylsulfonyl)phenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-6-[5-(2,3-dibromopropionylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo]-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 424-320-9 | | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-125-00-0 | reaction mass of: Disodium 6-[3-carboxy-4,5-dihydro-5-oxo-4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazolin-4-yl-azo]-3-[2-oxido-4-(ethensulfonyl)-5-methoxyphenylazo]-4-oxidonaphthalene-2-sulfonate copper (II) complex; Disodium 6-[3-carboxy-4,5-dihydro-5-oxo-4-sulfonatophenyl)pyrazolin-4-yl-azo]-3-[2-oxido-4-(2-hydroxyethylsulfonyl)-5-methoxyphenylazo]-4-oxidonaphthalene-2-sulfonate copper (II) complex | 423-940-7 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-126-00-6 | 2,6-bis-(2-(4-(4-amino-phenylamino)-phenylazo)-1,3-dimethyl-3H-imidazolium)-4-dimethylamino-1,3,5-triazine, dichloride | 424-120-1 | 174514-06-8 | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
611-127-00-1 | pentasodium 4-amino-6-(5-(4-(2-ethyl-phenylamino)-6-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylazo)-5-hydroxy-3-(4-(2-sulfatoethanesulfonyl)phenylazo)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate | 423-790-2 | — | R5 Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 5-41-43-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-41-61 | | |
611-128-00-7 | N,N'-bis{6-chloro-4-[6-(4-vinylsulfonylphenylazo)-2,7-disulfonicacid-5-hydroxynapht-4-ylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)ethane-1,2-diamine, sodium salt | 419-500-9 | 171599-85-2 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39 | | |
611-129-00-2 | reaction mass of: 5-[(4-[(7-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfo-2-naphthyl)azo]-2,5-diethoxyphenyl)azo]-2-[(3-phosphonophenyl)azo]benzoic acid; 5-[(4-[(7-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfo-2-naphthyl)azo]-2,5-diethoxyphenyl)azo]-3-[(3-phosphonophenyl)azo]benzoic acid | 418-230-9 | 163879-69-4 | E; R2 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R51-53 | E; Xn; N R: 2-43-48/22-62-51/53 S: (2-)26-35-36/37-61 | | |
611-130-00-8 | tetra-ammonium 2-[6-[7-(2-carboxylato-phenylazo)-8-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonato-1-naphthylamino]-4-hydroxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]benzoate | 418-520-5 | 183130-96-3 | Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
611-131-00-3 | 2-[2-hydroxy-3-(2-chlorophenyl)carbamoyl-1-naphthylazo]-7-[2-hydroxy-3-(3-methylphenyl)carbamoyl-1-naphthylazo]fluoren-9-one | 420-580-2 | 151798-26-4 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 R53 | T R: 61-53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
611-132-00-9 | pentasodium bis{7-[4-(1-butyl-5-cyano-1,2-dihydro-2-hydroxy-4-methyl-6-oxo-3-pyridylazo)phenylsulfonylamino]-5'-nitro-3,3'-disulfonatonaphthalene-2-azobenzene-1,2'-diolato} chromate (III) | 419-210-2 | 178452-71-6 | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-133-00-4 | Product by process iron complex of azo dyestuffs obtained by coupling a mixture of diazotized 2-amino-1-hydroxybenzene-4-sulfanilide and 2-amino-1-hydroxybenzene-4-sulfonamide with resorcin, the obtained mixture being subsequently submitted to a second coupling reaction with a mixture of diazotized 3-aminobenzene-1-sulfonic acid (metanilic acid) and 4'-amino-4-nitro-1,1'-diphenylamine-2-sulfonic acid and metallization with ferric chloride, sodium salt | 419-260-5 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-134-00-X | trisodium 2-{α[2-hydroxy-3-[4-chloro-6-[4-(2,3-dibromopropionylamino)-2-sulfonatophenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]-5-sulfonatophenylazo]-benzylidenehydrazino}-4-sulfonatobenzoate, copper complex | 423-770-3 | — | Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-61 | | |
611-135-00-5 | Reaction product of: 2-[[4-amino-2-ureidophenylazo]-5-[(2-(sulfooxy)ethyl)sulfonyl]]benzenesulfonic acid with 2,4,6-trifluoropyrimidine and partial hydrolysis to the corresponding vinylsulfonyl derivative,mixed potassium/sodium salt | 424-250-9 | — | Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
611-136-00-0 | 2-{4-(2-ammoniopropylamino)-6-[4-hydroxy-3-(5-methyl-2-methoxy-4-sulfamoylphenylazo)-2-sulfonatonaphth-7-ylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino}-2-aminopropyl formate | 424-260-3 | — | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 41-62-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
611-137-00-6 | 6-tert-butyl-7-chloro-3-tridecyl-7,7a-dihydro-1H-pyrazolo[5,1-c]-1,2,4-triazole | 419-870-1 | 159038-16-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
611-138-00-1 | 2-(4-aminophenyl)-6-tert-butyl-1H-pyrazolo[1,5-b][1,2,4]triazole | 415-910-7 | 152828-25-6 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
611-140-00-2 | azafenidin (ISO) 2-(2,4-dichloro-5-prop-2-ynyloxyphenyl)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-1,2,4-triazolo[4,3-a]pyridin-3(2H)-one | — | 68049-83-2 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R48/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-48/22-62-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 612-001-00-9 | mono-methylamine; [1] di-methylamine; [2] tri-methylamine [3] | 200-820-0 [1] 204-697-4 [2] 200-875-0 [3] | 74-89-5 [1] 124-40-3 [2] 75-50-3 [3] | F+; R12 Xn; R20 Xi; R37/38-41 | F+; Xn R: 12-20-37/38-41 S: (2-)16-26-39 | Xn; R20: C ≥ 5 % Xi; R37/38-41: C ≥ 5 % Xi; R36: 0,5 % ≤ C 612-001-01-6 | mono-methylamine ... %; [1] di-methylamine ... %; [2] tri-methylamine ... % [3] | 200-820-0 [1] 204-697-4 [2] 200-875-0 [3] | 74-89-5 [1] 124-40-3 [2] 75-50-3 [3] | F+; R12 Xn; R20/22 C; R34 | F+; C R: 12-20/22-34 S: (1/2-)3-16-26-29-36/37/39-45 | Xn; R20/22: C ≥ 15 % C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 612-002-00-4 | ethylamine | 200-834-7 | 75-04-7 | F+; R12 Xi; R36/37 | F+; Xi R: 12-36/37 S: (2-)16-26-29 | | |
612-003-00-X | diethylamine | 203-716-3 | 109-89-7 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R35 | F; C R: 11-20/21/22-35 S: (1/2-)3-16-26-29-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 612-004-00-5 | triethylamine | 204-469-4 | 121-44-8 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R35 | F; C R: 11-20/21/22-35 S: (1/2-)3-16-26-29-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 612-005-00-0 | butylamine | 203-699-2 | 109-73-9 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R35 | F; C R: 11-20/21/22-35 S: (1/2-)3-16-26-29-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 612-006-00-6 | ethylenediamine; 1,2-diaminoethane | 203-468-6 | 107-15-3 | R10 Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R42/43 | C R: 10-21/22-34-42/43 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/38: 2 % ≤ C 612-007-00-1 | 2-aminopropane; isopropylamine | 200-860-9 | 75-31-0 | F+; R12 Xi; R36/37/38 | F+; Xi R: 12-36/37/38 S: (2-)16-26-29 | | |
612-008-00-7 | aniline | 200-539-3 | 62-53-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25-48/23/24/25 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/24/25-40-41-43-48/23/24/25-68-50 S: (1/2-)26-27-36/37/39-45-46-61-63 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 25 % Xn; R20/21/22: 1 % ≤ C 612-009-00-2 | salts of aniline | — | — | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25-48/23/24/25 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/24/25-40-41-43-48/23/24/25-68-50 S: (1/2-)26-27-36/37/39-45-61-63 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 25 % Xn; R20/21/22: 1 % ≤ C 612-010-00-8 | chloroanilines, with exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | C |
612-011-00-3 | 4-nitrosoaniline | 211-535-6 | 659-49-4 | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)25-28 | | |
612-012-00-9 | o-nitroaniline; [1] m-nitroaniline; [2] p-nitroaniline [3] | 201-855-4 [1] 202-729-1 [2] 202-810-1 [3] | 88-74-4 [1] 99-09-2 [2] 100-01-6 [3] | T; R23/24/25 R33 R52-53 | T R: 23/24/25-33-52/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | C |
612-013-00-4 | 3-aminobenzene sulphonic acid; metanilic acid | 204-473-6 | 121-47-1 | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)25-28 | | |
612-014-00-X | sulphanilic acid; 4-aminobenzenesulphonic acid | 204-482-5 | 121-57-3 | Xi; R36/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/38-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
612-015-00-5 | N-methylaniline | 202-870-9 | 100-61-8 | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-016-00-0 | N,N-dimethylaniline | 204-493-5 | 121-69-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-40-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
612-017-00-6 | N-methyl-N,2,4,6-tetranitroaniline; tetryl | 207-531-9 | 479-45-8 | E; R2 ⊗ T; R23/24/25 R33 | E; T R: 2-23/24/25-33 S: (1/2-)35-45 | | |
612-018-00-1 | bis(2,4,6-trinitrophenyl)amine; hexyl | 205-037-8 | 131-73-7 | E; R2 ⊗ T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R51-53 | E; T+; N R: 2-26/27/28-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)35-36-45-61 | | |
612-019-00-7 | dipicrylamine, ammonium salt | 220-639-0 | 2844-92-0 | E ⊗ R1 T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R51-53 | E; T+; N R: 1-26/27/28-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
612-020-00-2 | 1-naphthylamine | 205-138-7 | 134-32-7 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)24-61 | | |
612-022-00-3 | 2-naphthylamine | 202-080-4 | 91-59-8 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | E |
612-023-00-9 | phenylhydrazine; [1] phenylhydrazinium chloride; [2] phenylhydrazine hydrochloride; [3] phenylhydrazinium sulphate (2:1) [4] | 202-873-5 [1] 200-444-7 [2] 248-259-0 [3] 257-622-2 [4] | 100-63-0 [1] 59-88-1 [2] 27140-08-5 [3] 52033-74-6 [4] | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25-48/23/24/25 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R50 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-36/38-43-48/23/24/25-68-50 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-024-00-4 | m-toluidine; 3-aminotoluene | 203-583-1 | 108-44-1 | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
612-025-00-X | nitrotoluidines, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | C |
612-026-00-5 | diphenylamine | 204-539-4 | 122-39-4 | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-027-00-0 | xylidines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex; dimethyl anilines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | C |
612-028-00-6 | p-phenylenediamine | 203-404-7 | 106-50-3 | T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 23/24/25-36-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-029-00-1 | benzene-1,4-diamine dihydrochloride; p-phenylenediamine dihydrochloride | 210-834-9 | 624-18-0 | T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-36-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-030-00-7 | 2-methyl-p-phenylenediamine sulphate [1] | 210-431-8 [1] 228-871-4 [2] | 615-50-9 [1] 6369-59-1 [2] | T; R25 Xn; R20/21 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 20/21-25-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)24-37-45-61 | | |
612-031-00-2 | N,N-dimethylbenzene-1,3-diamine; [1] 4-amino-N,N-dimethylaniline; 3-amino-N,N'-dimethylaniline [2] | 220-623-3 [1] 202-807-5 [2] | 2836-04-6 [1] 99-98-9 [2] | T; R23/24/25 | T R: 23/24/25 S: (1/2-)28-45 | | C |
612-032-00-8 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyl-p-phenylenediamine | 202-831-6 | 100-22-1 | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)28 | | |
612-033-00-3 | 2-aminophenol | 202-431-1 | 95-55-6 | Xn; R20/22 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | Xn R: 20/22-68 S: (2-)28-36/37 | | |
612-034-00-9 | 2-amino-4,6-dinitrophenol; picramic acid | 202-544-6 | 96-91-3 | E; R1 ⊗ Xn; R20/21/22 R52-53 | E; Xn R: 1-20/21/22-52/53 S: (2-)35-61 | | |
612-035-00-4 | 2-methoxyaniline; o-anisidine | 201-963-1 | 90-04-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25 | T R: 45-23/24/25-68 S: 53-45 | | E |
612-036-00-X | 3,3'-dimethoxybenzidine; o-dianisidine | 204-355-4 | 119-90-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 | T R: 45-22 S: 53-45 | | E |
612-037-00-5 | salts of 3,3'-dimethoxybenzidine; salts of o-dianisidine | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 | T R: 45-22 S: 53-45 | | AE |
612-038-00-0 | 2-nitro-p-anisidine; 4-methoxy-2-nitroaniline | 202-547-2 | 96-96-8 | T+; R26/27/28 R33 R52-53 | T+ R: 26/27/28-33-52/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
612-039-00-6 | 2-ethoxyaniline; o-phenetidine | 202-356-4 | 94-70-2 | T; R23/24/25 R33 | T R: 23/24/25-33 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45 | | |
612-040-00-1 | 2,4-dinitroaniline | 202-553-5 | 97-02-9 | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
612-041-00-7 | 4,4'-bi-o-toluidine | 204-358-0 | 119-93-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-042-00-2 | benzidine; 1,1'-biphenyl-4,4'-diamine; 4,4'-diaminobiphenyl; biphenyl-4,4'-ylenediamine | 202-199-1 | 92-87-5 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | E |
612-043-00-8 | N,N'-dimethylbenzidine | — | 2810-74-4 | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)22-36 | | |
612-044-00-3 | N,N'-diacetylbenzidine | 210-338-2 | 613-35-4 | Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 20/21/22 S: (2-)22-36 | | |
612-046-00-4 | allylamine | 203-463-9 | 107-11-9 | F; R11 T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | F; T; N R: 11-23/24/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)9-16-24/25-45-61 | | |
612-047-00-X | benzylamine | 202-854-1 | 100-46-9 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | C R: 21/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-048-00-5 | dipropylamine | 205-565-9 | 142-84-7 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R35 | F; C R: 11-20/21/22-35 S: (1/2-)16-26-36/37/39-45 | C; R35: C ≥ 10 % C; R34: 5 % ≤ C 612-049-00-0 | di-n-butylamine; [1] di-sec-butylamine [2] | 203-921-8 [1] 210-937-9 [2] | 111-92-2 [1] 626-23-3 [2] | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 | Xn R: 10-20/21/22 S: (2-) | | |
612-050-00-6 | cyclohexylamine | 203-629-0 | 108-91-8 | R10 Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | C R: 10-21/22-34 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/38: 2 % ≤ C 612-051-00-1 | 4,4'-diaminodiphenylmethane; 4,4'-methylenedianiline | 202-974-4 | 101-77-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R39/23/24/25 Xn; R48/20/21/22 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-39/23/24/25-43-48/20/21/22-68-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-052-00-7 | (S)-sec-butylamine; (S)-2-aminobutane; [1] (R)-sec-butylamine; (R)-2-aminobutane; [2] sec-butylamine; 2-aminobutane [3] | 208-164-7 [1] 236-232-6 [2] 237-732-7 [3] | 513-49-5 [1] 13250-12-9 [2] 13952-84-6 [3] | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 C; R35 N; R50 | F; C; N R: 11-20/22-35-50 S: (1/2-)9-16-26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | C |
612-053-00-2 | N-ethylaniline | 203-135-5 | 103-69-5 | T; R23/24/25 R33 | T R: 23/24/25-33 S: (1/2-)28-37-45 | | |
612-054-00-8 | N,N-diethylaniline | 202-088-8 | 91-66-7 | T; R23/24/25 R33 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-33-51/53 S: (1/2-)28-37-45-61 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R20/21/22: 1 % ≤ C 612-055-00-3 | N-methyl-o-toluidine; [1] N-methyl-m-toluidine; [2] N-methyl-p-toluidine [3] | 210-260-9 [1] 211-795-0 [2] 210-769-6 [3] | 611-21-2 [1] 696-44-6 [2] 623-08-5 [3] | T; R23/24/25 R33 R52-53 | T R: 23/24/25-33-52/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | C |
612-056-00-9 | N,N-dimethyl-p-toluidine; [1] N,N-dimethyl-m-toluidine; [2] N,N-dimethyl-o-toluidine [3] | 202-805-4 [1] 204-495-6 [2] 210-199-8 [3] | 99-97-8 [1] 121-72-2 [2] 609-72-3 [3] | T; R23/24/25 R33 R52-53 | T R: 23/24/25-33-52/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | T; R23/24/25: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R20/21/22: 1 % ≤ C 612-057-00-4 | piperazine | 203-808-3 | 110-85-0 | C; R34 R42/43 R52-53 | C R: 34-42/43-52/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-058-00-X | 2,2'-iminodiethylamine; diethylenetriamine | 203-865-4 | 111-40-0 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 | C R: 21/22-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-059-00-5 | 3,6-diazaoctanethylenediamin; triethylenetetramine | 203-950-6 | 112-24-3 | Xn; R21 C; R34 R43 R52-53 | C R: 21-34-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-060-00-0 | 3,6,9-triazaundecamethylenediamine; tetraethylenepentamine | 203-986-2 | 112-57-2 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 21/22-34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-061-00-6 | 3-aminopropyldimethylamine; N,N-dimethyl-1,3-diaminopropane | 203-680-9 | 109-55-7 | R10 Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 | C R: 10-22-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-062-00-1 | 3-aminopropyldiethylamine; N,N-diethyl-1,3-diaminopropane | 203-236-4 | 104-78-9 | R10 Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 | C R: 10-21/22-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-063-00-7 | 3,3'-iminodi(propylamine); dipropylenetriamine | 200-261-2 | 56-18-8 | T+; R26 T; R24 Xn; R22 C; R35 R43 | T+; C R: 22-24-26-35-43 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-064-00-2 | 3,6,9,12-tetra-azatetradecamethylenediamine; pentacthylenehexamine | 223-775-9 | 4067-16-7 | C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-065-00-8 | polyethlyenepolyamines with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 21/22-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-066-00-3 | dicyclohexylamine | 202-980-7 | 101-83-7 | Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/38: 2 % ≤ C 612-067-00-9 | 3-aminomethyl-3,5,5-trimethylcyclohexylamine | 220-666-8 | 2855-13-2 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 R52-53 | C R: 21/22-34-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-068-00-4 | 3,3'-dichlorobenzidine; 3,3'-dichlorobiphenyl-4,4'-ylenediamine | 202-109-0 | 91-94-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R21 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-21-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
612-069-00-X | salts of 3,3'-dichlorobenzidine; salts of 3,3'-dichlorobiphenyl-4,4'-ylenediamine | — — — | — — — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R21 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-21-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | AE |
612-070-00-5 | salts of benzidine [ | 208-519-6 208-520-1 244-236-4 252-984-8 | 531-85-1 531-86-2 21136-70-9 36341-27-2 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | AE |
612-071-00-0 | salts of 2-naphthylamine | 209-030-0 210-313-6 | 553-00-4 612-52-2 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | AE |
612-072-00-6 | biphenyl-4-ylamine; xenylamine; 4-aminobiphenyl | 202-177-1 | 92-67-1 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R22 | T R: 45-22 S: 53-45 | | E |
612-073-00-1 | salts of biphenyl-4-ylamine; salts of xenylamine; salts of 4-aminobiphenyl | — | — | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Xn; R22 | T R: 45-22 S: 53-45 | | AE |
612-074-00-7 | benzyldimethylamine | 203-149-1 | 103-83-3 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 10-20/21/22-34-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36-45-61 | | |
612-075-00-2 | 2-aminoethyldimethylamine; 2-dimethylaminoethylamine | 203-541-2 | 108-00-9 | F; R11 Xn; R21/22 C; R35 | F; C R: 11-21/22-35 S: (1/2-)16-23-26-28-36-45 | | |
612-076-00-8 | ethyldimethylamine | 209-940-8 | 598-56-1 | F+; R12 ⊗ Xn; R20/22 C; R34 | F+; C R: 12-20/22-34 S: (1/2-)3-16-26-36-45 | | |
612-077-00-3 | dimethylnitrosoamine; N-nitrosodimethylamine | 200-549-8 | 62-75-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T+; R26 T; R25-48/25 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 45-25-26-48/25-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,001 % | E |
612-078-00-9 | 2,2'-dichloro-4,4'-methylenedianiline; 4,4'-methylene bis(2-chloroaniline) | 202-918-9 | 101-14-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
612-079-00-4 | salts of 2,2'-dichloro-4,4'-methylenedianiline; salts of 4,4'-methylenebis(2-chloroaniline) | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | AE |
612-080-00-X | 4-amino-N,N-diethylaniline; N,N-diethyl-p-phenylendiamine | 202-214-1 | 93-05-0 | T; R25 C; R34 | T R: 25-34 S: (1/2-)26-36-45 | | |
612-081-00-5 | salts of 4,4'-bi-o-toluidine; salts of 3,3'-dimethylbenzidine; salts of o-tolidine | 210-322-5 265-294-7 277-985-0 | 612-82-8 64969-36-4 74753-18-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | AE |
612-082-00-0 | thiourea; thiocarbamide | 200-543-5 | 62-56-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-51/53-63 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
612-083-00-6 | 1-methyl-3-nitro-1-nitrosoguanidine | 200-730-1 | 70-25-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R20 Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-20-36/38-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | E |
612-084-00-1 | dapsone; 4,4'-diamino diphenyl sulfone | 201-248-4 | 80-08-0 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22 | | |
612-085-00-7 | 4,4'-methylenedi-o-toluidine | 212-658-8 | 838-88-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
612-086-00-2 | amitraz (ISO); N,N-bis(2,4-xylyliminomethyl) methylamine | 251-375-4 | 33089-61-1 | Xn; R22-48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-24-60-36/37-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 612-087-00-8 | guazatine (ISO) | | 108173-90-6 | T+; R26 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R37/38-41 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 21/22-26-37/38-41-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-38-45-46-60-61-63 | | |
612-088-00-3 | simazine (ISO); 6-chloro-N,N'-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine | 204-535-2 | 122-34-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
612-089-00-9 | 1,5-naphthylenediamine | 218-817-8 | 2243-62-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
612-090-00-4 | 2,2'-(nitrosoimino)bisethanol | 214-237-4 | 1116-54-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
612-091-00-X | o-toluidine; 2-aminotoluene | 202-429-0 | 95-53-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/25 Xi; R36 N; R50 | T; N R: 45-23/25-36-50 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-092-00-5 | N,N'-(2,2-dimethylpropylidene)hexamethylenediamine | 401-660-6 | 1000-78-8 | Xi; R38 R43 | Xi R: 38-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
612-093-00-0 | 3,5-dichloro-4-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)aniline | 401-790-3 | 104147-32-2 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24/25-26-57-60-61 | | |
612-094-00-6 | 4-(2-chloro-4-trifluoromethyl)phenoxy-2-fluoroaniline hydrochloride | 402-190-4 | — | T; R48/25 Xn; R22-48/20 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-41-43-48/20-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-095-00-1 | benzyl-2-hydroxydodecyldimethylammonium benzoate | 402-610-6 | 113694-52-3 | C; R34 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-096-00-7 | 4,4'-carbonimidoylbis[N,N-dimethylaniline] | 207-762-5 | 492-80-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-40-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
612-097-00-2 | salts of 4,4'-carbonimidoylbis[N,N-dimethylaniline] | — | — | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-40-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | A |
612-098-00-8 | nitrosodipropylamine | 210-698-0 | 621-64-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,001 % | E |
612-099-00-3 | 4-methyl-m-phenylenediamine; 2,4-toluenediamine | 202-453-1 | 95-80-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-21-25-36-43-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-100-00-7 | propylenediamine | 201-155-9 | 78-90-0 | R10 Xn; R21/22 C; R35 | C R: 10-21/22-35 S: (1/2-)26-37/39-45 | | |
612-101-00-2 | methenamine; hexamethylenetetramine | 202-905-8 | 100-97-0 | F; R11 R42/43 | F; Xn R: 11-42/43 S: (2-)16-22-24-37 | | |
612-102-00-8 | N,N-bis(3-aminopropyl)methylamine | 203-336-8 | 105-83-9 | T; R23/24 Xn; R22 C; R34 | T R: 22-23/24-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-103-00-3 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethylethylenediamine | 203-744-6 | 110-18-9 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 C; R34 | F; C R: 11-20/22-34 S: (1/2-)16-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-104-00-9 | hexamethylenediamine | 204-679-6 | 124-09-4 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R37 C; R34 | C R: 21/22-34-37 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-105-00-4 | 2-piperazin-1-ylethylamine | 205-411-0 | 140-31-8 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 R52-53 | C R: 21/22-34-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-106-00-X | 2,6-diethylaniline | 209-445-7 | 579-66-8 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)23-24 | | |
612-107-00-5 | 1-phenylethylamine; [1] Dl-α-methylbenzylamine [2] | 202-706-6 [1] 210-545-8 [2] | 98-84-0 [1] 618-36-0 [2] | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | C R: 21/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-108-00-0 | 3-aminopropyltriethoxysilane | 213-048-4 | 919-30-2 | Xn; R22 C; R34 | C R: 22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-109-00-6 | bis(2-dimethylaminoethyl)(methyl)amine | 221-201-1 | 3030-47-5 | T; R24 Xn; R22 C; R34 | T R: 22-24-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-110-00-1 | 2,2'-dimethyl-4,4'-methylenebis(cyclohexylamine) | 229-962-1 | 6864-37-5 | T; R23/24 Xn; R22 C; R35 N; R51-53 | T; C; N R: 22-23/24-35-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-111-00-7 | 2-methyl-m-phenylenediamine; 2,6-toluenediamine | 212-513-9 | 823-40-5 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R21/22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-43-51/53-68 S: (2-)24-36/37-61 | | |
612-112-00-2 | p-anisidine; 4-methoxyaniline | 203-254-2 | 104-94-9 | T+; R26/27/28 R33 N; R50 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-33-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
612-113-00-8 | 6-methyl-2,4-bis(methylthio)phenylene-1,3-diamine | 403-240-8 | 106264-79-3 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
612-114-00-3 | R,R-2-hydroxy-5-(1-hydroxy-2-(4-phenylbut-2-ylamino)ethyl)benzamide hydrogen 2,3-bis(benzoyloxy)succinate | 404-390-7 | — | F; R11 R43 R52-53 | F; Xi R: 11-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
612-115-00-9 | dimethyldioctadecylammonium hydrogen sulfate | 404-050-8 | 123312-54-9 | Xi; R36 R53 | Xi R: 36-53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
612-116-00-4 | C8-18alkylbis(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium bis(2-ethylhexyl)phosphate | 404-690-8 | 68132-19-4 | T; R23 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-117-00-X | C12-14-tert-alkylamine, methylphosphonic acid salt | 404-750-3 | 119415-07-5 | Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 22-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-118-00-5 | A reaction mass of: (1,3-dioxo-2H-benz(de)isoquinolin-2-ylpropyl)hexadecyldimethylammonium 4-toluenesulfonate; (1,3-dioxo-2H-benz(de)isoquinolin-2-ylpropyl)hexadecyldimethylammonium bromide | 405-080-4 | — | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | X; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-60-61 | | |
612-119-00-0 | benzyldimethyloctadecylammonium 3-nitrobenzenesulfonate | 405-330-2 | — | Xi; R38-41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-37/39-60-61 | | |
612-120-00-6 | aclonifen (ISO); 2-chloro-6-nitro-3-phenoxyaniline | 277-704-1 | 74070-46-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
612-121-00-1 | amines, polyethylenepoly-; HEPA | 268-626-9 | 68131-73-7 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 21/22-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-122-00-7 | hydroxylamine | 232-259-2 | 7803-49-8 | R5 ⊗ Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R37/38-41 R43 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 5-22-37/38-41-43-48/22-50 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-123-00-2 | hydroxylammonium chloride; hydroxylamine hydrochloride; [1] bis(hydroxylammonium) sulphate; hydroxylamine sulphate (2:1); [2] hydroxylammonium hydrogensulphate; hydroxylamine sulphate (1:1) [3] | 226-798-2 [1] 233-118-8 [2] 233-154-4 [3] | 5470-11-1 [1] 10039-54-0 [2] 10046-00-1 [3] | ⊗ Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-36/38-43-48/22-50 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
612-124-00-8 | N,N,N-trimethylanilinium chloride | 205-319-0 | 138-24-9 | T; R24/25 | T R: 24/25 S: (1/2-)25-39-45-53 | | |
612-125-00-3 | 2-methyl-p-phenylenediamine; 2,5-toluenediamine | 202-442-1 | 95-70-5 | T; R25 Xn; R20/21 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 20/21-25-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)24-37-45-61 | | |
612-126-00-9 | toluene-2,4-diammonium sulphate; 4-methyl-m-phenylenediamine sulfate | 265-697-8 | 65321-67-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-21-25-36-43-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-127-00-4 | 3-aminophenol | 209-711-2 | 591-27-5 | Xn; R20/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-51/53 S: (2-)28-61 | | |
612-128-00-X | 4-aminophenol | 204-616-2 | 123-30-8 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-50/53-68 S: (2-)28-36/37-60-61 | | |
612-129-00-5 | diisopropylamine | 203-558-5 | 108-18-9 | F; R11 Xn; R20/22 C; R34 | F; C R: 11-20/22-34 S: (1/2-)16-26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 612-130-00-0 | 2,6-diamino-3,5-diethyltoluene; 4,6-diethyl-2-methyl-1,3-benzenediamine; [1] 2,4-diamino-3,5-diethyltoluene; 2,4-diethyl-6-methyl-1,3-benzenediamine; [2] diethylmethylbenzenediamine [3] | 218-255-3 [1] 218-256-9 [2] 270-877-4 [3] | 2095-01-4 [1] 2095-02-5 [2] 68479-98-1 [3] | Xn; R21/22-48/22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-36-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-36/37/39-60-61 | | C |
612-131-00-6 | didecyldimethylammonium chloride | 230-525-2 | 7173-51-5 | Xn; R22 C; R34 | C R: 22-34 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
612-132-00-1 | N,N'-diphenyl-p-phenylenediamine; N,N'-diphenyl-1,4-benzenediamine | 200-806-4 | 74-31-7 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
612-133-00-7 | (4-ammonio-m-tolyl)ethyl(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium sulphate; 4-(N-ethyl-N-2-hydroxyethyl)-2-methylphenylenediamine sulphate | 247-162-0 | 25646-77-9 | T; R25 Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-37-45-60-61 | | |
612-134-00-2 | N-(2-(4-amino-N-ethyl-m-toluidino)ethyl)methanesulphonamide sesquisulphate; 4-(N-ethyl-N-2-methanesulphonylaminoethyl)-2-methylphenylenediamine sesquisulphate monohydrate | 247-161-5 | 25646-71-3 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
612-135-00-8 | N-2-naphthylaniline; N-phenyl-2-naphthylamine | 205-223-9 | 135-88-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 36/38-40-43-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-61 | | |
612-136-00-3 | N-isopropyl-N'-phenyl-p-phenylenediamine | 202-969-7 | 101-72-4 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | R43: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
612-137-00-9 | 4-chloroaniline | 203-401-0 | 106-47-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
612-138-00-4 | furalaxyl (ISO); methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(2-furylcarbonyl)-Dl-alaninate | 260-875-1 | 57646-30-7 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)36/37/39-61 | | |
612-139-00-X | mefenacet (ISO); 2-(benzothiazol-2-yloxy)-N-methyl-N-phenylacetamide | 277-328-8 | 73250-68-7 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
612-140-00-5 | quaternary ammonium compounds, benzyl-C8-18-alkyldimethyl, chlorides | 264-151-6 | 63449-41-2 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 N; R50 | C; N R: 21/22-34-50 S: (2-)36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-141-00-0 | 4,4'-methylenebis(2-ethylaniline); 4,4'-methylenebis(2-ethylbenzeneamine) | 243-420-1 | 19900-65-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
612-142-00-6 | biphenyl-2-ylamine | 201-990-9 | 90-41-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-40-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
612-143-00-1 | N5,N5-diethyltoluene-2,5-diamine monohydrochloride; 4-diethylamino-2-methylaniline monohydrochloride | 218-130-3 | 2051-79-8 | T; R25 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-36-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-26-37-45-60-61 | | |
612-144-00-7 | flumetralin (ISO); N-(2-chloro-6-fluorobenzyl)-N-ethyl-α,α,α-trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine | — | 62924-70-3 | Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
612-145-00-2 | o-phenylenediamine | 202-430-6 | 95-54-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R25 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 20/21-25-36-40-43-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-146-00-8 | o-phenylenediamine dihydrochloride | 210-418-7 | 615-28-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R25 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 20/21-25-36-40-43-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-147-00-3 | m-phenylenediamine | 203-584-7 | 108-45-2 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-36-43-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-148-00-9 | m-phenylenediamine dihydrochloride | 208-790-0 | 541-69-5 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-36-43-50/53-68 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
612-149-00-4 | 1,3-diphenylguanidine | 203-002-1 | 102-06-7 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36/37/38-51/53-62 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-150-00-X | spiroxamine (ISO); 8-tert-butyl-1,4-dioxaspiro[4.5]decan-2-ylmethyl(ethyl)(propyl)amine | — | 118134-30-8 | Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-38-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37/39-46-60-61 | | |
612-151-00-5 | diaminotoluene, technical product - reaction mass of [2] and [3]; methyl-phenylenediamine; [1] 4-methyl-m-phenylene diamine; [2] 2-methyl-m-phenylene diamine [3] | 246-910-3 [1] 202-453-1 [2] 212-513-9 [3] | 25376-45-8 [1] 95-80-7 [2] 823-40-5 [3] | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R25 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-20/21-25-36-43-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-152-00-0 | N,N-diethyl-N',N'-dimethylpropan-1,3-diyl-diamine | 406-610-7 | 62478-82-4 | R10 Xn; R20/22-48/20 C; R35 R52-53 | C R: 10-20/22-35-48/20-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-153-00-6 | 4-[N-ethyl-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1-(2-hydroxyethyl)amino-2-nitrobenzene, monohydrochloride | 407-020-2 | 132885-85-9 | Xn; R22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
612-154-00-1 | 6'-(isobutylethylamino)-3'-methyl-2'-phenylamino-spiro[isobenzo-2-oxofuran-7,9'-[9H]-xanthene] | 410-890-6 | 95235-29-3 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
612-155-00-7 | 2'-anilino-6'-((3-ethoxypropyl)ethylamino)-3'-methylspiro(isobenzo-3-oxofuran)-1-(1H)-9'-xanthene | 411-730-8 | 93071-94-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
612-156-00-2 | reaction mass of: trihexadecylmethylammonium chloride; dihexadecyldimethylammonium chloride | 405-620-9 | — | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
612-157-00-8 | (Z)-1-benzo[b]thien-2-ylethanone oxime hydrochloride | 410-780-8 | — | Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-158-00-3 | reaction mass of: bis(5-dodecyl-2-hydroxybenzald-oximate) copper (II) C12-alkyl group is branched; 4-dodecylsalicylaldoxime | 410-820-4 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
612-159-00-9 | Reaction products of: trimethylhexamethylene diamine (a mixture of 2,2,4-trimethyl-1,6-hexanediamine and 2,4,4-trimethyl-1,6-hexanediamine, EINECS listed), Epoxide 8 (mono[(C10-C16-alkyloxy)methyl]oxirane derivatives) and p-toluene-sulfonic acid | 410-880-1 | — | Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-160-00-4 | p-toluidine; 4-aminotoluene; [1] toluidinium chloride; [2] toluidine sulphate (1:1) [3] | 203-403-1 [1] 208-740-8 [2] 208-741-3 [3] | 106-49-0 [1] 540-23-8 [2] 540-25-0 [3] | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23/24/25 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50 | T; N R: 23/24/25-36-40-43-50 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-45-61 | | |
612-161-00-X | 2,6-xylidine; 2,6-dimethylaniline | 201-758-7 | 87-62-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R37/38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-37/38-40-51/53 S: (2-)23-25-36/37-61 | | |
612-162-00-5 | dimethyldioctadecylammonium chloride; DODMAC | 203-508-2 | 107-64-2 | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-39-46-60-61 | | |
612-163-00-0 | metalaxyl-M (ISO); mefenoxam; (R)-2-[(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-methoxyacetylamino]propionic acid methyl ester | — | 70630-17-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 | Xn R: 22-41 S: (2-)26-39-46 | | |
612-164-00-6 | 2-butyl-2-ethyl-1,5-diaminopentane | 412-700-7 | 137605-95-9 | Xn; R21/22-48/22 C; R34 R43 R52-53 | C R: 21/22-34-43-48/22-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-165-00-1 | N,N'-diphenyl-N,N'-bis(3-methylphenyl)-(1,1'-diphenyl)-4,4'-diamine | 413-810-8 | 65181-78-4 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
612-166-00-7 | reaction mass of: cis-(5-ammonium-1,3,3-trimethyl)-cyclohexanemethylammonium phosphate (1:1); trans-(5-ammonium-1,3,3-trimethyl)-cyclohexanemethylammonium phosphate (1:1) | 411-830-1 | 114765-88-7 | Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 41-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
612-167-00-2 | 5-acetyl-3-amino-10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenz[b,f]azepine-hydrochloride | 410-490-1 | — | Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-168-00-8 | 3,5-dichloro-2,6-difluoropyrdine-4-amine | 220-630-1 | 2840-00-8 | Xn; R21/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
612-170-00-9 | 4-chlorophenyl cyclopropyl ketone O-(4-aminobenzyl)oxime | 405-260-2 | — | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
612-171-00-4 | N,N,N',N'-tetraglycidyl-4,4'-diamino-3,3'-diethyldiphenylmethane | 410-060-3 | 130728-76-6 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 43-68-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
612-172-00-X | 4,4'-methylenebis(N,N'-dimethylcyclohexanamine | 412-840-9 | 13474-64-1 | Xn; R22-48/22 C; R35 R52-53 | C R: 22-35-48/22-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-173-00-5 | lithium 1-amino-4-(4-tert-butylanilino)anthraquinone-2-sulfonate | 411-140-0 | 125328-86-1 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-174-00-0 | 4,4-dimethoxybutylamine | 407-690-6 | 19060-15-2 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 R52-53 | C R: 22-34-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-175-00-6 | 2-(O-aminooxy)ethylamine dihydrochloride | 412-310-7 | 37866-45-8 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
612-176-00-1 | Polymer of 1,3-dibromopropane and N,N-diethyl-N',N'-dimethyl-1,3-propanediamine | 410-570-6 | 143747-73-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
612-177-00-7 | 2-naphthylamino-6-sulfomethylamide | 412-120-4 | 104295-55-8 | Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 43-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
612-178-00-2 | 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane disulfate | 412-080-8 | 112193-77-8 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37-41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-37-41-52/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-179-00-8 | 1-(2-propenyl)pyridinium chloride | 412-740-5 | 25965-81-5 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
612-180-00-3 | 3-aminobenzylamine | 412-230-2 | 4403-70-7 | Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 22-34-51/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-181-00-9 | 2-phenylthioaniline | 413-030-8 | 1134-94-7 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
612-182-00-4 | 1-ethyl-1-methylmorpholinium bromide | 418-210-1 | 65756-41-4 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | Xn R: 68 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
612-183-00-X | 1-ethyl-1-methylpyrrolidinium bromide | 418-200-5 | 69227-51-6 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | Xn R: 68 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
612-184-00-5 | 6'-(dibutylamino)-3'-methyl-2'-(phenylamino)spiro[isobenzofuran-1(3H),9-(9H)-xanthen]-3-one | 403-830-5 | 89331-94-2 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
612-185-00-0 | 1-[3-[4-((heptadecafluorononyl)oxy)-benzamido]propyl]-N,N,N-trimethylammonium iodide | 407-400-8 | 59493-72-0 | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
612-186-00-6 | bis(N-(7-hydroxy-8-methyl-5-phenylphenazin-3-ylidene)dimethylammonium) sulfate | 406-770-8 | 149057-64-7 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 41-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
612-187-00-1 | 2,3,4-trifluoroaniline | 407-170-9 | 3862-73-5 | Xn; R21/22-48/22 Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-41-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)23-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-188-00-7 | 4,4'-(9H-fluoren-9-ylidene)bis(2-chloroaniline) | 407-560-9 | 107934-68-9 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
612-189-00-2 | 4-amino-2-(aminomethyl)phenol dihydrochloride | 412-510-4 | 135043-64-0 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-60-61 | | |
612-190-00-8 | 4,4'-methylenebis(2-isopropyl-6-methylaniline) | 415-150-6 | 16298-38-7 | Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-51/53 S: (2-)36-61 | | |
612-191-00-3 | Polymer of allylamine hydrochloride | 415-050-2 | 71550-12-4 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
612-192-00-9 | 2-isopropyl-4-(N-methyl)aminomethylthiazole | 414-800-6 | 154212-60-9 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-41-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
612-193-00-4 | 3-methylaminomethylphenylamine | 414-570-7 | 18759-96-1 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 21/22-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-194-00-X | 2-hydroxy-3-[(2-hydroxyethyl)-[2-(1-oxotetradecyl)amino]ethyl]amino]-N,N,N-trimethyl-1-propanammonium chloride | 414-670-0 | 141890-30-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
612-195-00-5 | bis[tributyl 4-(methylbenzyl)ammonium] 1,5-naphthalenedisulfonate | 415-210-1 | 160236-81-7 | Xn; R20/22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/39-60-61 | | |
612-196-00-0 | 4-chloro-o-toluidine; [1] 4-chloro-o-toluidine hydrochloride [2] | 202-441-6 [1] 221-627-8 [2] | 95-69-2 [1] 3165-93-3 [2] | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 T; R23/24/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-68-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
612-197-00-6 | 2,4,5-trimethylaniline; [1] 2,4,5-trimethylaniline hydrochloride [2] | 205-282-0 [1] [2] | 137-17-7 [1] 21436-97-5 [2] | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-23/24/25-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-198-00-1 | 4,4'-thiodianiline and its salts | 205-370-9 | 139-65-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-199-00-7 | 4,4'-oxydianiline and its salts; p-aminophenyl ether | 202-977-0 | 101-80-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R23/24/25 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-46-23/24/25-62-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-200-00-0 | 2,4-diaminoanisole; 4-methoxy-m-phenylenediamine; [1] 2,4-diaminoanisole sulphate [2] | 210-406-1 [1] 254-323-9 [2] | 615-05-4 [1] 39156-41-7 [2] | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 45-22-68-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
612-201-00-6 | N,N,N',N'-tetramethyl-4,4'-methylendianiline | 202-959-2 | 101-61-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
612-202-00-1 | 3,4-dichloroaniline | 202-448-4 | 95-76-1 | T; R23/24/25 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-41-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
612-204-00-2 | C.I. Basic Violet 3; 4-[4,4'-bis(dimethylamino) benzhydrylidene]cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene]dimethylammonium chloride | 208-953-6 | 548-62-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-46-60-61 | | |
612-205-00-8 | C.I. Basic Violet 3 with ≥ 0.1 % of Michler's ketone (EC no. 202-027-5) | 208-953-6 | 548-62-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-22-41-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
612-206-00-3 | famoxadone (ISO); 3-anilino-5-methyl-5-(4-phenoxyphenyl)-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione | — | 131807-57-3 | Xn; R48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-50/53 S: (2-)46-60-61 | | |
612-207-00-9 | 4-ethoxyaniline; p-phenetidine | 205-855-5 | 156-43-4 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36 R43 | Xn R: 20/21/22-36-43-68 S: (2-)36/37-46 | | |
612-209-00-X | 6-methoxy-m-toluidine; p-cresidine | 204-419-1 | 120-71-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 | T R: 45-22 S: 53-45 | | E |
612-210-00-5 | 5-nitro-o-toluidine; [1] 5-nitro-o-toluidine hydrochloride [2] | 202-765-8 [1] 256-960-8 [2] | 99-55-8 [1] 51085-52-0 [2] | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23/24/25 R52-53 | T R: 23/24/25-40-52/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
612-211-00-0 | N-[(benzotriazole-1-yl)methyl)]-4-carboxybenzenesulfonamide | 416-470-9 | 170292-97-4 | Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
612-212-00-6 | 2,6-dichloro-4-trifluoromethylaniline | 416-430-0 | 24279-39-8 | Xn; R20/22 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
612-213-00-1 | isobutylidene-(2-(2-isopropyl-4,4-dimethyloxazolidine-3-yl)-1,1-dimethylethyl)amine | 419-850-2 | 148348-13-4 | C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 34-52/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
612-214-00-7 | 4-(2,2-diphenylethenyl)-N,N-di-phenylbenzenamine | 421-390-2 | 89114-90-9 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
612-215-00-2 | 3-chloro-2-(isopropylthio)aniline | 421-700-6 | 179104-32-6 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
612-217-00-3 | 1-methoxy-2-propylamine | 422-550-4 | 37143-54-7 | F; R11 C; R34 Xn; R22 R52-53 | F; C R: 11-22-34-52/53 S: (1/2-)9-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
613-001-00-1 | ethyleneimine; aziridine | 205-793-9 | 151-56-4 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 T+; R26/27/28 C; R34 N; R51-53 | F; T+; N R: 45-46-11-26/27/28-34-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | D E |
613-002-00-7 | pyridine | 203-809-9 | 110-86-1 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22 S: (2-)26-28 | Xn; R20/21/22: C ≥ 5 % | |
613-003-00-2 | 1,2,3,4-tetranitrocarbazole | — | 6202-15-9 | E ⊗ R1 Xn; R20/21/22 | E; Xn R: 1-20/21/22 S: (2-)35 | | |
613-004-00-8 | crimidine (ISO); 2-chloro-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yldimethylamine | 208-622-6 | 535-89-7 | T+; R28 | T+ R: 28 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
613-007-00-4 | desmetryne (ISO); 6-isopropylamino-2-methylamino-4-methylthio-1,3,5-triazine | 213-800-1 | 1014-69-3 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
613-008-00-X | dazomet (ISO); tetrahydro-3,5-dimethyl-1,3,5-thiadiazine-2-thione | 208-576-7 | 533-74-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-50/53 S: (2-)15-22-24-60-61 | | |
613-009-00-5 | 2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine; cyanuric chloride | 203-614-9 | 108-77-0 | R14 T+; R26 Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 | T+; R: 14-22-26-34-43 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-46-63 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 613-010-00-0 | ametryn (ISO); 2-ethylamino-4-isopropylamino-6-methylthio-1,3,5-triazine | 212-634-7 | 834-12-8 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)36-60-61 | | |
613-011-00-6 | amitrole (ISO); 1,2,4-triazol-3-ylamine | 200-521-5 | 61-82-5 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-63-51/53 S: (2-)13-36/37-61 | | |
613-012-00-1 | bentazone (ISO); 3-isopropyl-2,1,3-benzothiadiazine-4-one-2,2-dioxide | 246-585-8 | 25057-89-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-36-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-013-00-7 | cyanazine (ISO); 2-(4-chloro-6-ethylamino-1,3,5-triazine-2-ylamino)-2-methylpropionitrile | 244-544-9 | 21725-46-2 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)37-60-61 | | |
613-014-00-2 | ethoxyquin (ISO); 6-ethoxy-1,2-dihydro-2,2,4-trimethylquinoline | 202-075-7 | 91-53-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24 | | |
613-015-00-8 | fenazaflor (ISO); phenyl 5,6-dichloro-2-trifluoromethylbenzimidazole-1-carboxylate | 238-134-9 | 14255-88-0 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
613-016-00-3 | fuberidazole (ISO); 2-(2-furyl)benzimidazole | 223-404-0 | 3878-19-1 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
613-017-00-9 | bis (8-hydroxyquinolinium) sulphate | 205-137-1 | 134-31-6 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)36 | | |
613-018-00-4 | morfamquat (ISO); 1,1'-bis(3,5-dimethylmorpholinocarbonylmethyl)-4,4'-bipyridilium ion | — | 7411-47-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-36/37/38-52/53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
613-019-00-X | thioquinox (ISO); 2-thio-1,3-dithiolo(4,5,b)quinoxaline | 202-272-8 | 93-75-4 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24 | | |
613-020-00-5 | tridemorph (ISO); 2,6-dimethyl-4-tridecylmorpholine | 246-347-3 | 24602-86-6 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-20/22-38-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | E |
613-021-00-0 | dithianon (ISO); 5,10-dihydro-5,10-dioxonaphtho(2,3-b)(1,4)dithiazine-2,3-dicarbonitrile | 222-098-6 | 3347-22-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24-60-61 | | |
613-022-00-6 | pyrethrins including cinerins, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-60-61 | | A |
613-023-00-1 | 2-methyl-4-oxo-3-(penta-2,4-dienyl)cyclopent-2-enyl [1R-[1α[S*(Z)],3β]]-chrysanthemate; pyrethrin I | 204-455-8 | 121-21-1 | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-60-61 | | |
613-024-00-7 | 2-methyl-4-oxo-3-(penta-2,4-dienyl)cyclopent-2-enyl[1R-[1α[S*(Z)](3β)]]-3-(3-methoxy-2-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate; pyrethrin II | 204-462-6 | 121-29-9 | Xn; R20/21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-60-61 | | |
613-025-00-2 | cinerin I; 3-(but-2-enyl)-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl 2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate | 246-948-0 | 25402-06-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-026-00-8 | cinerin II; 3-(but-2-enyl)-2-methyl-4-oxocyclopent-2-enyl 2,2-dimethyl-3-(3-methoxy-2-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxylate | 204-454-2 | 121-20-0 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-027-00-3 | piperidine | 203-813-0 | 110-89-4 | F; R11 T; R23/24 C; R34 | F; T R: 11-23/24-34 S: (1/2-)16-26-27-45 | T; R23/24: C ≥ 5 % Xn; R20/21: 1 % ≤ C 613-028-00-9 | morpholine | 203-815-1 | 110-91-8 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R34 | C R: 10-20/21/22-34 S: (1/2-)23-36-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/38: 1 % ≤ C 613-029-00-4 | dichloro-1,3,5-triazinetrione; dichloroisocyanuric acid | 220-487-5 | 2782-57-2 | O; R8 Xn; R22 R31 Xi; R36/37 N; R50-53 | O; Xn; N R: 8-22-31-36/37-50/53 S: (2-)8-26-41-60-61 | | |
613-030-00-X | troclosene potassium; [1] troclosene sodium [2] | 218-828-8 [1] 220-767-7 [2] | 2244-21-5 [1] 2893-78-9 [2] | O; R8 ⊗ Xn; R22 R31 Xi; R36/37 N; R50-53 | O; Xn; N R: 8-22-31-36/37-50/53 S: (2-)8-26-41-60-61 | Xn; R22: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37: C ≥ 10 % R31: C ≥ 10 % | |
613-030-01-7 | troclosene sodium, dihydrate | 220-767-7 | 51580-86-0 | Xn; R22 R31 Xi; R36/37 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-31-36/37-50/53 S: (2-)8-26-41-60-61 | | |
613-031-00-5 | symclosene; trichloroisocyanuric acid; trichloro-1,3,5-triazinetrion | 201-782-8 | 87-90-1 | O; R8 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37 R31 N; R50-53 | O; Xn; N R: 8-22-31-36/37-50/53 S: (2-)8-26-41-60-61 | | |
613-032-00-0 | methyl-2,3,5,6-tetrachloro-4-pyridylsulphone; 2,3,5,6-tetrachloro-4-(methylsulphonyl)pyridine | 236-035-5 | 13108-52-6 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36 R43 | Xn R: 21/22-36-43 S: (2-)26-28 | | |
613-033-00-6 | 2-methylaziridine; propyleneimine | 200-878-7 | 75-55-8 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 T+; R26/27/28 Xi; R41 N; R51-53 | F; T+; N R: 45-11-26/27/28-41-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45: C ≥ 0,01 % | E |
613-034-00-1 | 1,2-dimethylimidazole | 217-101-2 | 1739-84-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 | Xn R: 22-38-41 S: (2-)24-26 | | |
613-035-00-7 | 1-methylimidazole | 210-484-7 | 616-47-7 | Xn; R21/22 C; R34 | C R: 21/22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36-45 | | |
613-036-00-2 | 2-methylpyridine; 2-picoline | 203-643-7 | 109-06-8 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/37 | Xn R: 10-20/21/22-36/37 S: (2-)26-36 | | |
613-037-00-8 | 4-methylpyridine; 4-picoline | 203-626-4 | 108-89-4 | R10 T; R24 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R36/37/38 | T R: 10-20/22-24-36/37/38 S: (1/2-)26-36-45 | | |
613-038-00-3 | 6-phenyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diyldiamine; 6-phenyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine; benzoguanamine | 202-095-6 | 91-76-9 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
613-039-00-9 | ethylene thiourea; imidazolidine-2-thione; 2-imidazoline-2-thiol | 202-506-9 | 96-45-7 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R22 | T R: 61-22 S: 53-45 | | E |
613-040-00-4 | azaconazole (ISO); 1-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl]methyl}-1H-1,2.4-triazole | 262-102-3 | 60207-31-0 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)46 | | |
613-041-00-X | morpholine-4-carbonyl chloride | 239-213-0 | 15159-40-7 | R14 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xi; R36/38 | Xn R: 14-36/38-40 S: (2-)26-30-36-38 | | |
613-042-00-5 | imazalil (ISO); 1-[2-(allyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1H-imidazole | 252-615-0 | 35554-44-0 | Xn; R20/22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
613-043-00-0 | imazalil sulphate (ISO) powder; 1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate; [1] (±)-1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate [2] | 261-351-5 [1] 281-291-3 [2] | 58594-72-2 [1] 83918-57-4 [2] | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24/25-37-46-60-61 | | |
613-043-01-8 | imazalil sulphate (ISO), aqueous solution; 1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate; [1] (±)-1- [2-(allyloxy)ethyl-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)]-1H-imidazolium hydrogen sulphate [2] | 261-351-5 [1] 281-291-3 [2] | 58594-72-2 [1] 83918-57-4 [2] | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 50 % Xi; R38: 30 % ≤ C 613-044-00-6 | captan (ISO); 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-N-(trichloromethylthio)phthalimide | 205-087-0 | 133-06-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50 | T; N R: 23-40-41-43-50 S: (1/2-)26-29-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
613-045-00-1 | folpet (ISO); N-(trichloromethylthio)phthalimide | 205-088-6 | 133-07-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 20-36-40-43-50 S: (2-)36/37-46-61 | | |
613-046-00-7 | captafol (ISO); 1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-N-(1,1,2,2-tetrachloroethylthio)phthalimide | 219-363-3 | 2425-06-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 45-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
613-047-00-2 | 1-dimethylcarbamoyl-5-methylpyrazol-3-yl dimethylcarbamate; dimetilan (ISO) | 211-420-0 | 644-64-4 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
613-048-00-8 | carbendazim (ISO); methyl benzimidazol-2-ylcarbamate | 234-232-0 | 10605-21-7 | Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 46-60-61-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
613-049-00-3 | benomyl (ISO); methyl 1-(butylcarbamoyl)benzimidazol-2-ylcarbamate | 241-775-7 | 17804-35-2 | Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 Xi; R37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 46-60-61-37/38-43-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 613-050-00-9 | carbadox (INN); methyl 3-(quinoxalin-2-ylmethylene)carbazate 1,4-dioxide; 2-(methoxycarbonylhydrazonomethyl)quinoxaline 1,4-dioxide | 229-879-0 | 6804-07-5 | F; R11 Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 | F; T R: 45-11-22 S: 53-45 | | E |
613-051-00-4 | molinate (ISO); S-ethyl 1-perhydroazepinecarbothioate; S-ethyl perhydroazepine-1-carbothioate | 218-661-0 | 2212-67-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R20/2248/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-40-43-48/22-62-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,25 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 613-052-00-X | trifenmorph (ISO); 4-tritylmorpholine | 215-812-2 | 1420-06-0 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-053-00-5 | anilazine (ISO); 2-chloro-N-(4,6-dichloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)aniline | 202-910-5 | 101-05-3 | Xi; R36/38 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
613-054-00-0 | thiabendazol (ISO); 2-(thiazole-4-yl)benzimidazole | 205-725-8 | 148-79-8 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-056-00-1 | 1,2-dimethyl-3,5-diphenylpyrazolium methylsulphate; difenzoquat methyl sulfate | 256-152-5 | 43222-48-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-057-00-7 | dodemorph (ISO); 4-cyclododecyl-2,6-dimethylmorpholine | 216-474-9 | 1593-77-7 | Xi; R36/37/38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/37/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
613-058-00-2 | permethrin (ISO); m-phenoxybenzyl 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate | 258-067-9 | 52645-53-1 | Xn; R20/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-43-50/53 S: (2-)13-24-36/37/39-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,025 % N; R51-53: 0,0025 % ≤ C 613-059-00-8 | profluralin (ISO); N-(cyclopropylmethyl)-α,α,α-trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-N-propyl-p-toluidine | 247-656-6 | 26399-36-0 | Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-060-00-3 | resmethrin (ISO); 5-benzyl-3-furylmethyl (±)-cis-trans-chrysanthemate | 233-940-7 | 10453-86-8 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60/61 | | |
613-061-00-9 | 6-(1α,5aβ,8aβ,9-pentahydroxy-7β-isopropyl-2β,5β,8β-trimethylperhydro-8bα,9-epoxy-5,8-ethanocyclopenta[1,2-b]indenyl) pyrrole-2-carboxylate; ryania | 239-732-2 | 15662-33-6 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
613-062-00-4 | sabadilla (ISO); veratrine | — | 8051-02-3 | Xi; R36/37/38 | Xi R: 36/37/38 S: (2-)36/37/39 | | |
613-063-00-X | secbumeton (ISO); 2-sec-butylamino-4-ethylamino-6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine | 247-554-1 | 26259-45-0 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-064-00-5 | 5-(3,6,9-trioxa-2-undecyloxy)benzo(d)-1,3-dioxolane; sesamex | — | 51-14-9 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
613-065-00-0 | simetryn (ISO); 2,4-bis(ethylamino)-6-methylthio-1,3,5-triazine | 213-801-7 | 1014-70-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-066-00-6 | terbumeton (ISO); 2-tert-butylamino-4-ethylamino-6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine | 251-637-8 | 33693-04-8 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-067-00-1 | propazine (ISO); 2-chloro-4,6-bis(isopropylamino)-1,3,5-triazine | 205-359-9 | 139-40-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
613-068-00-7 | atrazine (ISO); 2-chloro-4-ethylamine-6-isopropylamine-1,3,5-triazine | 217-617-8 | 1912-24-9 | Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
613-069-00-2 | ε-caprolactam | 203-313-2 | 105-60-2 | Xn; R20/22 Xi; R36/37/38 | Xn R: 20/22-36/37/38 S: (2-) | | |
613-070-00-8 | propylenethiourea | — | 2122-19-2 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53-63 S: (2-)36/37-46-61 | | |
613-071-00-3 | 2-fluoro-5-trifluoromethylpyridine | 400-290-2 | 69045-82-5 | R10 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 10-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-072-00-9 | N,N-bis(2-ethylhexyl)-((1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl)amine | 401-280-0 | 91273-04-0 | C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
613-073-00-4 | N,N-dimethyl-2-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,5-dihydropyrazol-1-ylphenylsulphonyl)ethylamine | 401-410-6 | 10357-99-0 | Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 43-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-074-00-X | 3-(3-methylpent-3-yl)isoxazol-5-ylamine | 401-460-9 | 82560-06-3 | T; R23/25 Xi; R41 R52-53 | T R: 23/25-41-52/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
613-075-00-5 | 1,3-dichloro-5-ethyl-5-methylimidazolidine-2,4-dione | 401-570-7 | 89415-87-2 | O; R8 T; R23 C; R34 Xn; R22 R43 N; R50 | O; T; N R: 8-22-23-34-43-50 S: (1/2-)8-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
613-076-00-0 | 3-chloro-5-trifluoromethyl-2-pyridylamine | 401-670-0 | 79456-26-1 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
613-077-00-6 | reaction mass of 5-heptyl-1,2,4-triazol-3-ylamine and 5-nonyl-1,2,4-triazol-3-ylamine | 401-940-8 | — | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-51/53 S: (2-)22-26-61 | | |
613-078-00-1 | N,N,N,N-tetrakis(4,6-bis(butyl-(N-methyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-yl)amino)triazin-2-yl)-4,7-diazadecane-1,10-diamine | 401-990-0 | 106990-43-6 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
613-079-00-7 | 4-(1(or 4 or 5 or 6)-methyl-8,9,10-trinorborn-5-en-2-yl)pyridine, reaction mass of isomers | 402-520-7 | — | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
613-080-00-2 | 3-(bis(2-ethylhexyl)aminomethyl)benzothiazole-2(3H)-thione | 402-540-6 | 105254-85-1 | C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
613-081-00-8 | 1-butyl-2-methylpyridinium bromide | 402-680-8 | 26576-84-1 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
613-082-00-3 | 2-methyl-1-pentylpyridinium bromide | 402-690-2 | — | Xn; R21/22 R52-53 | Xn R: 21/22-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
613-083-00-9 | 2-(4-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-pyrazolin-1-yl)phenylsulfonyl)ethyldimethylammonium formate | 402-120-2 | — | C; R34 Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-43-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-26-28-37/39-45-60-61 | | |
613-084-00-4 | 2-(4-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,5-dihydropyrazolyl)phenylsulphonyl)ethyldimethylammonium hydrogen phosphonate | 402-490-5 | 106359-93-7 | Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36-50/53 S: (2-)26-60-61 | | |
613-085-00-X | reaction mass of 1,1'-(methylenebis(4,1-phenylene))dipyrrole-2,5-dione and N-(4-(4-(2,5-dioxopyrrol-1-yl)benzyl)phenyl)acetamide and 1-(4-(4-(5-oxo-2H-2-furylidenamino)benzyl)phenyl)pyrrole-2,5-dione | 401-970-1 | — | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
613-086-00-5 | caffeine | 200-362-1 | 58-08-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
613-087-00-0 | tetrahydrothiophene | 203-728-9 | 110-01-0 | F; R11 Xn; R20/21/22 Xi; R36/38 R52-53 | F; Xn R: 11-20/21/22-36/38-52/53 S: (2-)16-23-36/37-61 | | |
613-088-00-6 | 1,2-benzisothiazol-3(2H)-one; 1,2-benzisothiazolin-3-one | 220-120-9 | 2634-33-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-38-41-43-50 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | R43: C ≥ 0,05 % | |
613-089-00-1 | diquat dibromide; [1] diquat dichloride; [2] 6,7-dihydrodipyrido[1,2-α:2',1'-c]pyrazinediylium dihydroxide [3] | 201-579-4 [1] 223-714-6 [2] 301-467-6 [3] | 85-00-7 [1] 4032-26-2 [2] 94021-76-8 [3] | T+; R26 T; R48/25 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 22-26-36/37/38-43-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
613-090-00-7 | paraquat dichloride; 1,1-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium dichloride; [1] paraquat dimethylsulfate; 1,1-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium dimethyl sulphate [2] | 217-615-7 [1] 218-196-3 [2] | 1910-42-5 [1] 2074-50-2 [2] | T+; R26 T; R24/25-48/25 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 24/25-26-36/37/38-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
613-091-00-2 | morfamquat dichloride; [1] morfamquat sulfate [2] | 225-062-8 [1] [2] | 4636-83-3 [1] 29873-36-7 [2] | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/37/38 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-36/37/38-52/53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
613-092-00-8 | 1,10-phenanthroline | 200-629-2 | 66-71-7 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)45-60-61 | | |
613-093-00-3 | hexasodium 6,13-dichloro-3,10-bis((4-(2,5-disulfonatoanilino)-6-fluoro-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)prop-3-ylamino)-5,12-dioxa-7,14-diazapentacene-4,11-disulfonate | 400-050-7 | 85153-92-0 | R42/43 | Xn R: 42/43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
613-094-00-9 | 4-methoxy-N,6-dimethyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamine | 401-360-5 | 5248-39-5 | Xn; R22-48/22 | Xn R: 22-48/22 S: (2-)22-36 | | |
613-095-00-4 | sodium 3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-sec-butyl-4-hydroxybenzenesulfonate | 403-080-9 | 92484-48-5 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
613-096-00-X | 2-amino-6-ethoxy-4-methylamino-1,3,5-triazine | 403-580-7 | 62096-63-3 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
613-097-00-5 | 7-amino-3-((5-carboxymethyl-4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-ylthio)methyl)-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo(4.2.0)oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid | 403-690-5 | 111298-82-9 | R42/43 R52-53 | Xn R: 42/43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
613-098-00-0 | N-(n-octyl)-2-pyrrolidone | 403-700-8 | 2687-94-7 | C; R34 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 34-51/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
613-099-00-6 | 1-dodecyl-2-pyrrolidone | 403-730-1 | 2687-96-9 | C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
613-100-00-X | 2,9-bis(3-(diethylamino)propylsulfamoyl)quino(2,3-b)acridine-7,14-dione | 404-230-6 | — | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-101-00-5 | N-tert-pentyl-2-benzothiazolesulfenamide | 404-380-2 | 110799-28-5 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
613-102-00-0 | dimethomorph (ISO); 4-(3-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)acryloyl)morpholine | 404-200-2 | 110488-70-5 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
613-103-00-6 | sodium 5-n-butylbenzotriazole | 404-450-2 | 118685-34-0 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
613-104-00-1 | 5-tert-butyl-3-isoxazolylamine hydrochloride | 404-840-2 | — | Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-48/22-52/53 S: (2-)26-36/39-61 | | |
613-105-00-7 | hexakis(tetramethylammonium) 4,4'-vinylenebis((3-sulfonato-4,1-phenylene)imino(6-morpholino-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl)imino)bis(5-hydroxy-6-phenylazonaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate) | 405-160-9 | 124537-30-0 | T; R25 R43 R52-53 | T R: 25-43-52/53 S: (1/2-)24-37-45-61 | | |
613-106-00-2 | tetrapotassium 2-(4-(5-(1-(2,5-disulfonatophenyl)-3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-hydroxypyrazol-4-yl)penta-2,4-dienylidene)-3-ethoxycarbonyl-5-oxo-2-pyrazolin-1-yl)benzene-1,4-disulfonate | 405-240-3 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
613-107-00-8 | hexasodium 2,2'-vinylenebis((3-sulfonato-4,1-phenylene)imino(6-(N-cyanoethyl-N-(2-hydroxypropyl)amino)-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl)imino)dibenzene-1,4-disulfonate | 405-280-1 | 76508-02-6 | Xi; R36 | Xi R: 36 S: (2-)26 | | |
613-108-00-3 | benzothiazole-2-thiol | 205-736-8 | 149-30-4 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
613-109-00-9 | bis(piperidinothiocarbonyl) disulphide | 202-328-1 | 94-37-1 | Xi; R36/37/38 R43 | Xi R: 36/37/38-43 S: (2-)24-26-37 | | |
613-110-00-4 | dimepiperate (ISO); S-(1-methyl-1-phenylethyl) piperidine-1-carbothioate | 262-784-2 | 61432-55-1 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
613-111-00-X | 1,2,4-triazole | 206-022-9 | 288-88-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36-63 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
613-112-00-5 | octhilinone (ISO); 2-octyl-2H-isothiazol-3-one | 247-761-7 | 26530-20-1 | T; R23/24 Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-23/24-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | R43: C ≥ 0,05 % | |
613-113-00-0 | 2-(morpholinothio)benzothiazole | 203-052-4 | 102-77-2 | Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36/38-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
613-114-00-6 | 2,2',2"-(hexahydro-1,3,5-triazine-1,3,5-triyl)triethanol; 1,3,5-tris(2-hydroxyethyl)hexahydro-1,3,5-triazine | 225-208-0 | 4719-04-4 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)24-37 | R43: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
613-115-00-1 | hymexazol (ISO); 3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole | 233-000-6 | 10004-44-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-41-52/53 S: (2-)26-39-61 | | |
613-116-00-7 | tolylfluanid (ISO); dichloro-N-[(dimethylamino)sulphonyl]fluoro-N-(p-tolyl)methanesulphenamide | 211-986-9 | 731-27-1 | T; R23 Xn; R48/20 Xi; R36/37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23-36/37/38-43-48/20-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-26-37-38-45-60-61 | | |
613-117-00-2 | diniconazole (ISO); (E)-β-[(2,4-dichlorophenyl)methylene]-α-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ethanol; (E)-(RS)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol | — | 76714-88-0 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-118-00-8 | flubenzimine (ISO); N-[3-phenyl-4,5-bis[(trifluoromethyl)imino]thiazolidin-2-ylidene]aniline; | 253-703-1 | 37893-02-0 | Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 36-50/53 S: (2-)26-60-61 | | |
613-119-00-3 | (benzothiazol-2-ylthio)methyl thiocyanate; TCMTB | 244-445-0 | 21564-17-0 | T+; R26 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 22-26-36/38-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)28-36/37-38-45-60-61 | | |
613-120-00-9 | bioresmethrin; (5-bezylfur-3-yl)methyl(1R)-trans-2,2-dimethyl-3-(2-methylpropenyl)cyclopropanecarboylate | 249-014-0 | 28434-01-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-121-00-4 | chlorsulfuron (ISO); 2-chloro-N-[[(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino]carbonyl]benzenesulphonamide; | 265-268-5 | 64902-72-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-122-00-X | diclobutrazole (ISO); (R*, R*)-(±)-β-[(2,4-dichlorophenyl)methyl]-α-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole-1-ethanol; (2RS, 3RS)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1yl)pentan-3-ol | — | 75736-33-3 | Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-51/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
613-123-00-5 | 5,6-dihydro-3H-imidazo[2,1-c]-1,2,4-dithiazole-3-thione; etem | 251-684-4 | 33813-20-6 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-124-00-0 | fenpropimorph (ISO); cis-4-[3-(p-tert-butylphenyl)-2-methylpropyl]-2,6-dimethylmorpholine | 266-719-9 | 67564-91-4 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-38-63-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-61 | | |
613-125-00-6 | hexythiazox (ISO); trans-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-N-cyclohexyl-4-methyl-2-oxo-3-thiazolidine-carboxamide | — | 78587-05-0 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-126-00-1 | imazapyr (ISO); 2-[4,5-dihydro-4-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)-5-oxo-1H-imidazol-2-yl]-3-pyridine carboxylate | — | 81334-34-1 | Xi; R36 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
613-127-00-7 | 1,1-dimethylpiperidinium chloride; mepiquat chloride | 246-147-6 | 24307-26-4 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
613-128-00-2 | prochloraz (ISO); N-propyl-N-[2-(2,4,6-trichlorophenoxy)ethyl]-1H-imidazole-1-carboxamide; | 266-994-5 | 67747-09-5 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-129-00-8 | metamitron (ISO); 4-amino-3-methyl-6-phenyl-1,2,4-triazin-5-one | 255-349-3 | 41394-05-2 | Xn; R22 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-50 S: (2-)61 | | |
613-131-00-9 | pyroquilon (ISO); 1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyrrolo[3,2,1-ij]quinolin-4-one | — | 57369-32-1 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
613-132-00-4 | hexazinone (ISO); 3-cyclohexyl-6-dimethylamino-1-methyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-dione; | 257-074-4 | 51235-04-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
613-133-00-X | etridiazole (ISO); 5-ethoxy-3-trichloromethyl-1,2,4-thiadiazole | 219-991-8 | 2593-15-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T; R23 Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21/22-23-40-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45-60-61 | | |
613-134-00-5 | myclobutanil (ISO); 2-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)hexanenitrile | — | 88671-89-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-51/53-63 S: (2-)36/37-46-61 | | |
613-135-00-0 | di(benzothiazol-2-yl) disulphide | 204-424-9 | 120-78-5 | R31 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 31-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
613-136-00-6 | N-cyclohexylbenzothiazole-2-sulphenamide | 202-411-2 | 95-33-0 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
613-137-00-1 | methabenzthiazuron (ISO); 1-(1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl)1,3-dimethylurea | 242-505-0 | 18691-97-9 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-138-00-7 | quinoxyfen (ISO); 5,7-dichloro-4-(4-fluorophenoxy)quinoline | — | 124495-18-7 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-46-60-61 | | |
613-139-00-2 | metsulfuron-methyl; 2-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylcarbamoylsulfamoyl) benzoic acid | — | 74223-64-6 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-140-00-8 | cycloheximide (ISO); 4-{(2R)-2-[(1S,3S,5S)-3,5-dimethyl-2-oxocyclohexyl]-2-hydroxyethyl}piperidine-2,6-dione | 200-636-0 | 66-81-9 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 T+; R28 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 61-28-51/53-68 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
613-141-00-3 | 1,4-diamino-2-(2-butyltetrazol-5-yl)-3-cyanoanthraquinone | 401-470-3 | 93686-63-6 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
613-142-00-9 | trans-N-methyl-2-styryl-[4'-aminomethine-(1-acetyl-1-(2-methoxyphenyl)acetamido)]pyridinium acetate | 405-860-4 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
613-143-00-4 | 1-(3-phenylpropyl)-2-methylpyridinium bromide | 405-930-4 | 10551-42-5 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-36-52/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-61 | | |
613-144-00-X | Reaction products of: poly(vinyl acetate), partially hydrolyzed, with (E)-2-(4-formylstyryl)-3,4-dimethylthiazoliummethyl sulfate | 406-460-2 | 125139-08-4 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
613-145-00-5 | (S)-3-benzyloxycarbonyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-isoquinolinium 4-methylbenzenesulfonate | 406-960-0 | 77497-97-3 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
613-146-00-0 | N-ethyl-N-methylpiperidinium iodide | 407-780-5 | 4186-71-4 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
613-147-00-6 | 4-[2-(1-methyl-2-(4-morpholinyl)ethoxy)ethyl]morpholine | 407-940-4 | 111681-72-2 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
613-148-00-1 | tetrasodium 1,2-bis(4-fluoro-6-[5-(1-amino-2-sulfonatoanthrachinon-4-ylamino)-2,4,6-trimethyl-3-sulfonatophenylamino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino)ethane | 411-240-4 | 143683-23-2 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24/25-37-61 | | |
613-149-00-7 | pyridaben (ISO); 2-tert-butyl-5-(4-tert-butylbenzylthio)-4-chloropyridazin-3(2H)-one | 405-700-3 | 96489-71-3 | T; R23/25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
613-150-00-2 | 2,2'-[3,3'-(piperazine-1,4-diyl)dipropyl]bis(1H-benzimidazo[2,1-b]benzo[l,m,n][3,8]phenanthroline-1,3,6-trione | 406-295-6 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
613-151-00-8 | 1-(3-mesyloxy-5-trityloxymethyl-2-D-threofuryl)thymine | 406-360-9 | 104218-44-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
613-152-00-3 | phenyl N-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)carbamate | 406-600-2 | 89392-03-0 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-153-00-9 | 2,3,5-trichloropyridine | 407-270-2 | 16063-70-0 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
613-154-00-4 | 2-amino-4-chloro-6-methoxypyrimidine | 410-050-9 | 5734-64-5 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22 | | |
613-155-00-X | 5-chloro-2,3-difluoropyridine | 410-090-7 | 89402-43-7 | R10 Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 10-22-52/53 S: (2-)23-36-61 | | |
613-156-00-5 | 2-butyl-4-chloro-5-formylimidazole | 410-260-0 | 83857-96-9 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-157-00-0 | 2,4-diamino-5-methoxymethylpyrimidine | 410-330-0 | 54236-98-5 | Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36-48/22 S: (2-)22-26-36 | | |
613-158-00-6 | 2,3-dichloro-5-trifluoromethyl-pyridine | 410-340-5 | 69045-84-7 | Xn; R20/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
613-159-00-1 | fenazaquin (ISO); 4-[2-[4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)phenyl]-ethoxy]quinazoline | 410-580-0 | 120928-09-8 | T; R25 Xn; R20 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 20-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)37-45-60-61 | | |
613-160-00-7 | (1S)-2-methyl-2,5-diazobicyclo[2.2.1]heptane dihydrobromide | 411-000-9 | 125224-62-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
613-163-00-3 | azimsulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-[1-methyl-4-(2-methyl-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)pyrazol-5-ylsulfonyl]urea | — | 120162-55-2 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-164-00-9 | flufenacet (ISO); N-(4-fluorophenyl)-N-isopropyl-2-(5-trifluoromethyl-[1,3,4]thiadiazol-2-yloxy)acetamide | — | 142459-58-3 | Xn; R22-48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)13-24-37-60-61 | | |
613-165-00-4 | flupyrsulfuron-methyl-sodium (ISO); methyl 2-[[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-ylcarbamoyl)sulfamoyl]-6-trifluoromethyl]nicotinate, monosodium salt | — | 144740-54-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-166-00-X | flumioxazin (ISO); N-(7-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-3-oxo-4-prop-2-ynyl-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-6-yl)cyclohex-1-ene-1,2-dicarboxamide | — | 103361-09-7 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 61-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
613-167-00-5 | reaction mass of: 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one [EC no. 247-500-7] and 2-methyl-2H -isothiazol-3-one [EC no. 220-239-6] (3:1); reaction mass of: 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one [EC no. 247-500-7] and 2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one [EC no. 220-239-6] (3:1) | — | 55965-84-9 | T; R23/24/25 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-34-43-50/53 S: (2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 0,6 % Xi; R36/38: 0,06 % ≤ C 613-168-00-0 | 1-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone | 201-800-4 | 88-12-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/21/22-48/20 Xi; R37-41 | Xn R: 20/21/22-37-40-41-48/20 S: (2-)26-36/37/39 | | D |
613-169-00-6 | 9-vinylcarbazole | 216-055-0 | 1484-13-5 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-43-50/53-68 S: 22-23-36/37-60-61 | | |
613-170-00-1 | 2,2-ethylmethylthiazolidine | 404-500-3 | 694-64-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
613-171-00-7 | hexaconazole (ISO); (RS)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)hexan-2-ol | 413-050-7 | 79983-71-4 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-172-00-2 | 5-chloro-1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one | 412-200-9 | 17630-75-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xn; R22 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-43-62-52/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
613-173-00-8 | fluquinconazole (ISO); 3-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-6-fluoro-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)quinazolin-4-(3H)-one | 411-960-9 | 136426-54-5 | T; R23/25-48/25 Xn; R21 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-23/25-38-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37/39-38-45-60-61 | | |
613-174-00-3 | (±) 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)propyl-1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethylether | 407-760-6 | 112281-77-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R20/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-40-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-41-61 | | |
613-175-00-9 | epoxiconazole (ISO); (2RS,3SR)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-(4-fluorophenyl)-[(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl]oxirane | 406-850-2 | 133855-98-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 40-62-63-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-61 | | |
613-176-00-4 | 2-methyl-2-azabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane | 404-810-9 | 4524-95-2 | R10 Xn; R21/22-48/20 C; R34 | C R: 10-21/22-34-48/20 S: (1/2-)16-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
613-177-00-X | 8-amino-7-methylquinoline | 412-760-4 | 5470-82-6 | Xn; R21/22 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-43-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
613-178-00-5 | 4-ethyl-2-methyl-2-isopentyl-1,3-oxazolidine | 410-470-2 | 137796-06-6 | C; R34 R43 | C R: 34-43 S: (1/2-)7/8-26-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 613-179-00-0 | lithium 3-oxo-1,2(2H)-benzisothiazol-2-ide | 411-690-1 | 111337-53-2 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 N; R51-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
613-180-00-6 | N-(1,1-dimethylethyl)bis(2-benzothiazolesulfen)amide | 407-430-1 | 3741-80-8 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-181-00-1 | 5,5-dimethyl-perhydro-pyrimidin-2-one α-(4-trifluoromethylstyryl)-α-(4-trifluoromethyl)cinnamylidenehydrazone | 405-090-9 | 67485-29-4 | T; R48/25 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 22-36-48/25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
613-182-00-7 | 1-(1-naphthylmethyl)quinolinium chloride | 406-220-7 | 65322-65-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R22 Xi; R38-41 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-38-40-41-52/53-68 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
613-183-00-2 | reaction mass of: 5-(N-methylperfluorooctylsulfonamido)methyl-3-octadecyl-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one; 5-(N-methylperfluoroheptylsulfonamido)methyl-3-octadecyl-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one | 413-640-4 | — | Xn; R48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-50/53 S: (2-)36-60-61 | | |
613-184-00-8 | nitrilotriethyleneammoniopropane-2-ol 2-ethylhexanoate | 413-670-8 | — | Xi; R36 R43 | Xi R: 36-43 S: (2-)24-26-37 | | |
613-185-00-3 | 2,3,5,6-tetrahydro-2-methyl-2H-cyclopenta[d]-1,2-thiazol-3-one | 407-630-9 | 82633-79-2 | T; R25 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-41-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
613-186-00-9 | (2R,3R)-3-((R)-1-(tert-butyldimethylsiloxy)ethyl)-4-oxoazetidin-2-yl acetate | 408-050-9 | 76855-69-1 | Xi; R36 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
613-188-00-X | 1-(3-(4-fluorophenoxy)propyl)-3-methoxy-4-piperidinone | 411-500-7 | 116256-11-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)22-24-26-37/39-61 | | |
613-189-00-5 | 1,4,7,10-tetrakis(p-toluensulfonyl)-1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane | 414-030-0 | 52667-88-6 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
613-190-00-0 | disodium 1-amino-4-(2-(5-chloro-6-fluoro-pyrimidin-4-ylamino-methyl)-4-methyl-6-sulfo-phenylamino)-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydro-anthracene-2-sulfonate | 414-040-5 | 149530-93-8 | Xn; R22 R43 | Xn R: 22-43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
613-191-00-6 | 3-ethyl-2-methyl-2-(3-methylbutyl)-1,3-oxazolidine | 421-150-7 | 143860-04-2 | Repr. Cat. 2; R60 C; R34 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 60-34-50/53 S: 53-45-60-61 | | |
613-193-00-7 | pentakis[3-(dimethylammonio)propylsulfamoyl]-[(6-hydroxy-4,4,8,8-tetramethyl-4,8-diazoniaundecane-1,11-diyldisulfamoyl)di[phthalocyaninecopper(II)]] heptalactate | 414-930-3 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
613-194-00-2 | 6,13-dichloro-3,10-bis{2-[4-fluoro-6-(2-sulfophenylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-ylamino]propylamino}benzo[5,6][1,4]oxazino[2,3-.b.]phenoxazine-4,11-disulphonic acid, lithium-, sodium salt | 418-000-8 | 163062-28-0 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)22-26-39 | | |
613-195-00-8 | 2,2-(1,4-phenylene)bis((4H-3,1-benzoxazine-4-one) | 418-280-1 | 18600-59-4 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-196-00-3 | 5-[[4-chloro-6-[[2-[[4-fluoro-6-[[5-hydroxy-6-[(4-methoxy-2-sulfophenyl)azo]-7-sulfo-2-naphthalenyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-1-methylethyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-3-[[4-(ethenylsulfonyl)phenyl]azo]-4-hydroxy-naphtalene-2,7-disulfonic acid, sodium salt | 418-380-5 | 168113-78-8 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
613-197-00-9 | reaction mass of: 2,4,6-tri(butylcarbamoyl)-1,3,5-triazine; 2,4,6-tri(methylcarbamoyl)-1,3,5-triazine; [(2-butyl-4,6-dimethyl)tricarbamoyl]-1,3,5-triazine; [(2,4-dibutyl-6-methyl)tricarbamoyl]-1,3,5-triazine | 420-390-1 | 187547-46-2 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
613-199-00-X | reaction mass of: 1,3,5-tris(3-aminomethylphenyl)-1,3,5-(1H,3H,5H)-triazine-2,4,6-trione; reaction mass of oligomers of 3,5-bis(3-aminomethylphenyl)-1-poly[3,5-bis(3-aminomethylphenyl)-2,4,6-trioxo-1,3,5-(1H,3H,5H)-triazin-1-yl]-1,3,5-(1H,3H,5H)-triazine-2,4,6-trione | 421-550-1 | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 R43 R52-53 | T R: 45-61-43-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
613-200-00-3 | Reaction product of: copper, (29H,31H-phthalocyaninato(2-)-N29,N30,N31,N32)-, chlorosulfuric acid and 3-(2-sulfooxyethylsulfonyl)aniline, sodium salts | 420-980-7 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)22-26-39 | | |
613-201-00-9 | (R)-5-bromo-3-(1-methyl-2-pyrrolidinyl methyl)-1H-indole | 422-390-5 | 143322-57-0 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R39-48/25 Xn; R20/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 20/22-39-41-43-48/25-62-50/53 S: (1/2-)53-45-60-61 | | |
613-202-00-4 | pymetrozine (ISO); (E)-4,5-dihydro-6-methyl-4-(3-pyridylmethyleneamino)-1,2,4-triazin-3(2H)-one | — | 123312-89-0 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 R52-53 | Xn R: 40-52/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
613-203-00-X | pyraflufen-ethyl; [1] pyraflufen [2] | [1] [2] | 129630-19-9 [1] 129630-17-7 [2] | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-204-00-5 | oxadiargyl (ISO); 3-[2,4-dichloro-5-(2-propynyloxy)phenyl]-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one; 5-tert-butyl-3-[2,4-dichloro-5-(prop-2-ynyloxy)phenyl]-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one | 254-637-6 | 39807-15-3 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-63-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
613-205-00-0 | propiconazole (ISO); (±)-1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-propyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-ylmethyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole | 262-104-4 | 60207-90-1 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
613-206-00-6 | fenamidone (ISO); (S)-5-methyl-2-methylthio-5-phenyl-3-phenylamino-3,5-dihydroimidazol-4-one | — | 161326-34-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-208-00-7 | imazamox (ISO); (RS)-2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-2-imidazolin-2-yl)-5-methoxymethylnicotinic acid | — | 114311-32-9 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-209-00-2 | cis-1-(3-chloropropyl)-2,6-dimethyl-piperidin hydrochloride | 417-430-3 | 63645-17-0 | T; R25 Xn; R48/22 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 25-43-48/22-51/53 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45-61 | | |
613-210-00-8 | 2-(3-chloropropyl)-2,5,5-trimethyl-1,3-dioxane | 417-650-1 | 88128-57-8 | Xn; R48/22 R52-53 | Xn R: 48/22-52/53 S: (2-)23-25-36-61 | | |
613-211-00-3 | N-methyl-4-(p-formylstyryl)pyridinium methylsulfate | 418-240-3 | 74401-04-0 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
613-212-00-9 | 4-[4-(2-ethylhexyloxy)phenyl](1,4-thiazinane-1,1-dioxide) | 418-320-8 | 133467-41-1 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)22-60-61 | | |
613-213-00-4 | cis-1-benzoyl-4-[(4-methylsulfonyl)oxy]-L-proline | 416-040-0 | 120807-02-5 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
613-214-00-X | N,N-di-n-butyl-2-(1,2-dihydro-3-hydroxy-6-isopropyl-2-quinolylidene)-1,3-dioxoindan-5-carboxamide | 416-260-7 | 147613-95-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
613-215-00-5 | 2-chloromethyl-3,4-dimethoxypyridinium chloride | 416-440-5 | 72830-09-2 | Xn; R21/22-48/22 Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-38-41-43-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-61 | | |
613-216-00-0 | 6-tert-butyl-7-(6-diethylamino-2-methyl-3-pyridylimino)-3-(3-methylphenyl)pyrazolo[3,2-c][1,2,4]triazole | 416-490-8 | 162208-01-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-217-00-6 | 4-[3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionyloxy]-1-[2-[3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydrophenyl)propionyloxy]ethyl]-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine | 416-770-1 | 73754-27-5 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
613-218-00-1 | 6-hydroxyindole | 417-020-4 | 2380-86-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
613-219-00-7 | 7a-ethyl-3,5-bis(1-methylethyl)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydrooxazolo[3,4-c]-2,3,4,5-tetrahydrooxazole | 417-140-7 | 79185-77-6 | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)37-61 | | |
613-220-00-2 | trans-(4S,6S)-5,6-dihydro-6-methyl-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-4-ol, 7,7-dioxide | 417-290-3 | 147086-81-5 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)36 | | |
613-221-00-8 | 2-chloro-5-methyl-pyridine | 418-050-0 | 18368-64-4 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R38 R52-53 | Xn R: 21/22-38-52/53 S: (2-)23-25-36/37-61 | | |
613-222-00-3 | 4-(1-oxo-2-propenyl)-morpholine | 418-140-1 | 5117-12-4 | Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R41 R43 | Xn R: 22-41-43-48/22 S: (2-)23-26-36/37/39 | | |
613-223-00-9 | N-isopropyl-3-(4-fluorophenyl)-1H-indole | 418-790-4 | 93957-49-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
613-224-00-4 | 2,5-dimercaptomethyl-1,4-dithiane | 419-770-8 | 136122-15-1 | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
613-225-00-X | reaction mass of:[2-(anthraquinon-1-ylamino)-6-[(5-benzoylamino)-anthraquinone-1-ylamino]-4-phenyl]-1,3,5-triazine; 2,6-bis-[(5-benzoylamino)-anthraquinon-1-ylamino]-4-phenyl-1,3,5-triazine. | 421-290-9 | — | Xn; R48/22 R53 | Xn R: 48/22-53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
613-226-00-5 | 1-(2-(ethyl(4-(4-(4-(4-(ethyl(2-pyridinoethyl)amino)-2-methylphenylazo)benzoylamino)-phenylazo)-3-methylphenyl)amino)ethyl)-pyridinium dichloride | 420-950-3 | 163831-67-2 | Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 41-50/53 S: (2-)26-39-60-61 | | |
613-227-00-0 | (±)-[(R*,R*) and (R*,S*)]-6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2-oxiranyl-2H-1-benzopyran | 419-600-2 | 99199-90-3 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-28-36/37-61 | | |
613-228-00-6 | (±)-(R*,S*)-6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2-oxiranyl-2H-1-benzopyran | 419-630-6 | 793669-26-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 24-61 | | |
613-230-00-7 | florasulam (ISO); 2',6',8-trifluoro-5-methoxy-5-triazolo[1,5-c]; pyrimidine-2-sulfonanilide | — | 145701-23-1 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
613-233-00-3 | 4,4'-(oxy-(bismethylene))-bis-1,3-dioxolane | 423-230-7 | 56552-15-9 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
614-001-00-4 | nicotine (ISO); 3-(N-methyl-2-pyrrolidinyl)pyridine | 200-193-3 | 54-11-5 | T+; R27 T; R25 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 25-27-51/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-61 | | |
614-002-00-X | salts of nicotine | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 N; R51-53 | T+; N R: 26/27/28-51/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-61 | | A |
614-003-00-5 | strychnine | 200-319-7 | 57-24-9 | T+; R27/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 27/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-45-60-61 | | |
614-004-00-0 | salts of strychnine | — | — | T+; R26/28 N; R50-53 | T+; N R: 26/28-50/53 S: (1/2-)13-28-45-60-61 | | A |
614-005-00-6 | colchicine | 200-598-5 | 64-86-8 | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)13-45 | | |
614-006-00-1 | brucine; 2,3-dimethoxystrychnine | 206-614-7 | 357-57-3 | T+; R26/28 R52-53 | T+ R: 26/28-52/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-61 | | |
614-007-00-7 | brucine sulphate; [1] brucine nitrate; [2] Strychnidin-10-one, 2,3-dimethoxy-, mono[(R)-1-methylheptyl 1,2-benzenedicarboxylate]; [3] Strychnidin-10-one, 2,3-dimethoxy-, compd. with (S)mono(1-methylheptyl)-1,2-benzenedicarboxylate (1:1) [4] | 225-432-9 [1] 227-317-9 [2] 269-439-5 [3] 269-710-8 [4] | 4845-99-2 [1] 5786-97-0 [2] 68239-26-9 [3] 68310-42-9 [4] | T+; R26/28 R52-53 | T+ R: 26/28-52/53 S: (1/2-)13-45-61 | | A |
614-008-00-2 | aconitine | 206-121-7 | 302-27-2 | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)24-45 | | |
614-009-00-8 | salts of aconitine | — | — | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)24-45 | | A |
614-010-00-3 | atropine | 200-104-8 | 51-55-8 | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | |
614-011-00-9 | salts of atropine | — | — | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | A |
614-012-00-4 | hyoscyamine | 202-933-0 | 101-31-5 | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)24-45 | | |
614-013-00-X | salts of hyoscyamine | — | — | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)24-45 | | A |
614-014-00-5 | hyoscine | 200-090-3 | 51-34-3 | T+; R26/27/28 | T+ R: 26/27/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | |
614-015-00-0 | salts of hyoscine | — | — | T+; R26/27/28 | T+ R: 26/27/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | A |
614-016-00-6 | pilocarpine | 202-128-4 | 92-13-7 | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | |
614-017-00-1 | salts of pilocarpine | — | — | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | A |
614-018-00-7 | papaverine | 200-397-2 | 58-74-2 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22 | | |
614-019-00-2 | salts of papaverine | — | — | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22 | | A |
614-020-00-8 | physostigmine | 200-332-8 | 57-47-6 | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | |
614-021-00-3 | salts of physostigmine | — | — | T+; R26/28 | T+ R: 26/28 S: (1/2-)25-45 | | A |
614-022-00-9 | digitoxin | 200-760-5 | 71-63-6 | T; R23/25 R33 | T R: 23/25-33 S: (1/2-)45 | | |
614-023-00-4 | ephedrine | 206-080-5 | 299-42-3 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22-25 | | |
614-024-00-X | salts of ephedrine | — | — | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)22-25 | | A |
614-025-00-5 | ouabain | 211-139-3 | 630-60-4 | T; R23/25 R33 | T R: 23/25-33 S: (1/2-)45 | | |
614-026-00-0 | strophantin-K | 234-239-9 | 11005-63-3 | T; R23/25 R33 | T R: 23/25-33 S: (1/2-)45 | | |
614-027-00-6 | bufa-4,20,22-trienolide, 6-(acetyloxy)-3-(β-D-glucopyranosyloxy)-8,14-dihydroxy-, (3β, 6β)-; red squill; scilliroside | 208-077-4 | 507-60-8 | T+; R28 | T+ R: 28 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
614-028-00-1 | reaction mass of: 2-ethylhexyl mono-D-glucopyranoside; 2-ethylhexyl di-D-glucopyranoside | 414-420-0 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
614-029-00-7 | constitutional isomers of penta-O-allyl-β-D-fructofuranosyl-α-D-glucopyranoside; constitutional isomers of hexa-O-allyl-β-D-fructofuranosyl-α-D-glucopyranoside; constitutional isomers of hepta-O-allyl-β-D-fructofuransoyl-α-D-glucopyranoside | 419-640-0 | 68784-14-5 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
615-001-00-7 | methyl isocyanate | 210-866-3 | 624-83-9 | F+; R12 ⊗ Repr. Cat. 3; R63 T+; R26 T; R24/25 R42/43 Xi; R37/38-41 | F+; T+ R: 12-24/25-26-37/38-41-42/43-63 S: (1/2-)26-27/28-36/37/39-45-63 | | |
615-002-00-2 | methyl isothiocyanate | 209-132-5 | 556-61-6 | T; R23/25 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-38-45-60-61 | | |
615-003-00-8 | thiocyanic acid | 207-337-4 | 463-56-9 | Xn; R20/21/22 R32 R52-53 | Xn R: 20/21/22-32-52/53 S: (2-)13-61 | | |
615-004-00-3 | salts of thiocyanic acid | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 R32 R52-53 | Xn R: 20/21/22-32-52/53 S: (2-)13-61 | | A |
615-005-00-9 | 4,4'-methylenediphenyl diisocyanate; diphenylmethane-4,4'-diisocyanate; [1] 2,2'-methylenediphenyl diisocyanate; diphenylmethane-2,2'-diisocyanate; [2] o-(p-isocyanatobenzyl)phenyl isocyanate; diphenylmethane-2,4'-diisocyanate; [3] methylenediphenyl diisocyanate [4] | 202-966-0 [1] 219-799-4 [2] 227-534-9 [3] 247-714-0 [4] | 101-68-8 [1] 2536-05-2 [2] 5873-54-1 [3] 26447-40-5 [4] | Xn; R20 Xi; R36/37/38 R42/43 | Xn R: 20-36/37/38-42/43 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 5 % R42: C ≥ 0,1 % | C 2 |
615-006-00-4 | 2-methyl-m-phenylene diisocyanate; toluene-2,4-di-isocyanate; [1] 4-methyl-m-phenylene diisocyanate; toluene-2,6-di-isocyanate; [2] m-tolylidene diisocyanate; toluene-diisocyanate [3] | 202-039-0 [1] 209-544-5 [2] 247-722-4 [3] | 91-08-7 [1] 584-84-9 [2] 26471-62-5 [3] | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 T+; R26 Xi; R36/37/38 R42/43 R52-53 | T+ R: 26-36/37/38-40-42/43-52/53 S: (1/2-)23-36/37-45-61 | R42: C ≥ 0,1 % | C 2 |
615-007-00-X | 1,5-naphthylene diisocyanate | 221-641-4 | 3173-72-6 | Xn; R20 Xi; R36/37/38 R42 R52-53 | Xn R: 20-36/37/38-42-52/53 S: (2-)26-28-38-45-61 | | |
615-008-00-5 | 3-isocyanatomethyl-3,5,5-trimethylcyclohexyl isocyanate; isophorone di-isocyanate | 223-861-6 | 4098-71-9 | T; R23 Xi; R36/37/38 R42/43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23-36/37/38-42/43-51/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-38-45-61 | T; R23: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R20: 0,5 % ≤ C 615-009-00-0 | 4,4'-methylenedi(cyclohexyl isocyanate); dicyclohexylmethane-4,4'-di-isocyanate | 225-863-2 | 5124-30-1 | T; R23 Xi; R36/37/38 R42/43 | T R: 23-36/37/38-42/43 S: (1/2-)26-28-38-45 | T; R23: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R20: 0,5 % ≤ C 615-010-00-6 | 2,2,4-trimethylhexamethylene-1,6-di-isocyanate; [1] 2,4,4-trimethylhexamethylene-1,6-di-isocyanate [2] | 241-001-8 [1] 239-714-4 [2] | 16938-22-0 [1] 15646-96-5 [2] | T; R23 Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | T R: 23-36/37/38-42 S: (1/2-)26-28-38-45 | T; R23: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R20: 0,5 % ≤ C 615-011-00-1 | hexamethylene-di-isocyanate | 212-485-8 | 822-06-0 | T; R23 Xi; R36/37/38 R42/43 | T R: 23-36/37/38-42/43 S: (1/2-)26-28-38-45 | T; R23: C ≥ 2 % Xn; R20: 0,5 % ≤ C 615-012-00-7 | 4-isocyanatosulphonyltoluene; tosyl isocyanate | 223-810-8 | 4083-64-1 | R14 Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 14-36/37/38-42 S: (2-)26-28-30 | Xi; R36/37/38: C ≥ 5 % | |
615-013-00-2 | cyanamide; carbanonitril | 206-992-3 | 420-04-2 | T; R25 Xn; R21 Xi; R36/38 R43 | T R: 21-25-36/38-43 S: (1/2-)3-22-36/37-45 | | |
615-014-00-8 | tris(1-dodecyl-3-methyl-2-phenylbenzimidazolium)hexacyanoferrate | — | 7276-58-6 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24 | | |
615-015-00-3 | 1,7,7-trimethylbicyclo(2,2,1)hept-2-yl thiocyanatoacetate; isobornyl thiocyanoacetate | 204-081-5 | 115-31-1 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)24/25-60-61 | | |
615-016-00-9 | potassium cyanate | 209-676-3 | 590-28-3 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)24/25 | | |
615-017-00-4 | calcium cyanamide | 205-861-8 | 156-62-7 | Xn; R22 Xi; R37-41 | Xn R: 22-37-41 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39 | | |
615-018-00-X | 2-(2-butoxyethoxy)ethyl thiocyanate | 203-985-7 | 112-56-1 | R10 T; R24/25 | T R: 10-24/25 S: (1/2-)13-36/37-45 | | |
615-019-00-5 | dicyclohexylcarbodiimide | 208-704-1 | 538-75-0 | T; R24 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 | T R: 22-24-41-43 S: (1/2-)24-26-37/39-45 | | |
615-020-00-0 | methylene dithiocyanate | 228-652-3 | 6317-18-6 | T+; R26 T; R25 C; R34 R43 N; R50 | T+; N R: 25-26-34-43-50 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
615-021-00-6 | 1,3,5-tris(oxiranylmethyl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-trione; TGIC | 219-514-3 | 2451-62-9 | Muta. Cat. 2; R46 T; R23/25 Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | T R: 46-23/25-41-43-48/22-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
615-022-00-1 | methyl 3-isocyanatosulfonyl-2-thiophene-carboxylate | 410-550-7 | 79277-18-2 | E; R2 ⊗ R14 Xn; R48/22 R42/43 | E; Xn R: 2-14-42/43-48/22 S: (2-)22-30-35-36/37 | | |
615-023-00-7 | 2-(isocyanatosulfonylmethyl)benzoic acid methyl ester; (alt.):methyl 2-(isocyanatosulfonylmethyl)benzoate | 410-900-9 | 83056-32-0 | R10 R14 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R20-48/22 Xi; R41 R42 | Xn R: 10-14-20-41-42-48/22-68 S: (2-)23-26-36/37/39 | | |
615-024-00-2 | 2-phenylethylisocyanate | 413-080-0 | 1943-82-4 | T; R23 Xn; R22 C; R35 R42/43 N; R51-53 | T; C; N R: 22-23-35-42/43-51/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-36/37/39-43-45-61 | | |
615-025-00-8 | 4,4'-ethylidenediphenyl dicyanate | 405-740-1 | 47073-92-7 | Xn; R20/22-48/22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/22-41-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
615-026-00-3 | 4,4'-methylenebis(2,6-dimethylphenyl cyanate) | 405-790-4 | 101657-77-6 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
615-028-00-4 | ethyl 2-(isocyanatosulfonyl)benzoate | 410-220-2 | 77375-79-2 | E; R2 ⊗ R14 Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R41 R42/43 | E; Xn R: 2-14-22-41-42/43-48/22 S: (2-)8-23-26-30-35-36/37/39 | | |
615-029-00-X | 2,5-bis-isocyanatomethyl-bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane | 411-280-2 | — | T+; R26 Xn; R22 C; R34 R42/43 R52-53 | T+ R: 22-26-34-42/43-52/53 S: (1/2-)23-26-28-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
615-030-00-5 | alkali salts, alkali earth salts and other salts of thiocyanic acid not mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 R32 R52-53 | Xn R: 20/21/22-32-52/53 S: (2-)13-61 | | A |
615-031-00-0 | thallium salt of thiocyanic acid | 222-571-7 | 3535-84-0 | Xn; R20/21/22 R32 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-32-51/53 S: (2-)13-61 | | A |
615-032-00-6 | metal salts of thiocyanic acid not mentioned elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xn; R20/21/22 R32 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20/21/22-32-50/53 S: (2-)13-60-61 | | A |
616-001-00-X | N,N-dimethylformamide; dimethyl formamide | 200-679-5 | 68-12-2 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36 | T R: 61-20/21-36 S: 53-45 | | E |
616-002-00-5 | 2-fluoroacetamide | 211-363-1 | 640-19-7 | T+; R28 T; R24 | T+ R: 24-28 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
616-003-00-0 | acrylamide; prop-2-enamide | 201-173-7 | 79-06-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R25-48/23/24/25 Xn; R20/21 Xi; R36/38 R43 | T R: 45-46-20/21-25-36/38-43-48/23/24/25-62 S: 53-45 | | DE |
616-004-00-6 | allidochlor (ISO); N,N-diallylchloroacetamide | 202-270-7 | 93-71-0 | Xn; R21/22 Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-36/38-51/53 S: (2-)26-28-36/37/39-61 | | |
616-005-00-1 | chlorthiamid (ISO); 2,6-dichloro (thiobenzamide) | 217-637-7 | 1918-13-4 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-)36 | | |
616-006-00-7 | dichlofluanid (ISO); N-dichlorofluoromethylthio-N',N'-dimethyl-N-phenylsulphamide | 214-118-7 | 1085-98-9 | Xn; R20 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20-36-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
616-007-00-2 | diphenamid (ISO); N,N-dimethyl-2,2-diphenylacetamide | 213-482-4 | 957-51-7 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
616-008-00-8 | propachlor (ISO); 2-chloro-N-isopropylacetanilide; α-chloro-N-isopropylacetanilide | 217-638-2 | 1918-16-7 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
616-009-00-3 | propanil (ISO); 3',4'-dichloropropionanilide | 211-914-6 | 709-98-8 | Xn; R22 N; R50 | Xn; N R: 22-50 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
616-010-00-9 | tosylchloramide sodium | 204-854-7 | 127-65-1 | Xn; R22 R31 C; R34 R42 | C R: 22-31-34-42 S: (1/2-)7-22-26-36/37/39-45 | | |
616-011-00-4 | N,N-dimethylacetamide | 204-826-4 | 127-19-5 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R20/21 | T R: 61-20/21 S: 53-45 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61: C ≥ 5 % | E |
616-012-00-X | N-(dichlorofluoromethylthio)phthalimide; N-(fluorodichloromethylthio)phthalimide | 211-952-3 | 719-96-0 | Xi; R38 | Xi R: 38 S: (2-)28 | | |
616-013-00-5 | butyraldehyde oxime | 203-792-8 | 110-69-0 | T; R24 Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | T R: 22-24-36 S: (1/2-)23-36-45 | | |
616-014-00-0 | 2-butanone oxime; ethyl methyl ketoxime; ethyl methyl ketone oxime | 202-496-6 | 96-29-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R21 Xi; R41 R43 | Xn R: 21-40-41-43 S: (2-)13-23-26-36/37/39 | | |
616-015-00-6 | alachlor (ISO); 2-chloro-2',6'-diethyl-N-(methoxymethyl)acetanilide | 240-110-8 | 15972-60-8 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 0,2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,025 % ≤ C 616-016-00-1 | 1-(3,4-dichlorophenylimino) thiosemicarbazide | — | 5836-73-7 | T+; R28 | T+ R: 28 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45 | | |
616-017-00-7 | cartap hydrochloride | 239-309-2 | 15263-52-2 | Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
616-018-00-2 | N,N-diethyl-m-toluamide; deet | 205-149-7 | 134-62-3 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-36/38-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
616-019-00-8 | perfluidone (ISO); 1,1,1-trifluoro-N-(4-phenylsulphonyl-o-tolyl)methanesulphonamide | 253-718-3 | 37924-13-3 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-) | | |
616-020-00-3 | tebuthiuron (ISO); 1-(5-tert-butyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)-1,3-dimethylurea | 251-793-7 | 34014-18-1 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)37-60-61 | | |
616-021-00-9 | thiazafluron (ISO); 1,3-dimethyl-1-(5-trifluoromethyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)urea | 246-901-4 | 25366-23-8 | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)60-61 | | |
616-022-00-4 | acetamide | 200-473-5 | 60-35-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
616-023-00-X | N-hexadecyl(or octadecyl)-N-hexadecyl(or octadecyl)benzamide | 401-980-6 | — | Xi; R38 R43 | Xi R: 38-43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
616-024-00-5 | 2-(4,4-dimethyl-2,5-dioxooxazolidin-1-yl)-2-chloro-5-(2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)butyramido)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxovaleranilide | 402-260-4 | 54942-74-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-025-00-0 | valinamide | 402-840-7 | 20108-78-5 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xi; R36 R43 | Xn R: 36-43-62 S: (2-)26-36/37 | | |
616-026-00-6 | thioacetamide | 200-541-4 | 62-55-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R22 Xi; R36/38 R52-53 | T R: 45-22-36/38-52/53 S: 53-45-61 | | E |
616-027-00-1 | tris(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl)ammonium 3-acetoacetamido-4-methoxybenzenesulfonate | 403-760-5 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
616-028-00-7 | N-(4-(3-(4-cyanophenyl)ureido)-3-hydroxyphenyl)-2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)octanamide | 403-790-9 | 108673-51-4 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-029-00-2 | N,N'-ethylenebis(vinylsulfonylacetamide) | 404-790-1 | 66710-66-5 | Xi; R41 R43 | Xi R: 41-43 S: (2-)24-26-37/39 | | |
616-030-00-8 | ethidimuron (ISO); 1-(5-ethylsulphonyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)-1,3-dimethylurea | 250-010-6 | 30043-49-3 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
616-031-00-3 | dimethachlor (ISO); 2-chloro-N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(2-methoxyethyl)acetamide | 256-625-6 | 50563-36-5 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
616-032-00-9 | diflufenican (ISO); N-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-2-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-3-pyridinecarboxamide | — | 83164-33-4 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
616-033-00-4 | cyprofuram (ISO); N-(3-chlorophenyl)-N-(tetrahydro-2-oxo-3-furyl)cyclopropanecarboxamide | 274-050-9 | 69581-33-5 | T; R25 Xn; R21 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 21-25-50/53 S: (1/2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
616-034-00-X | pyracarbolid (ISO); 3,4-dihydro-6-methyl-2H-pyran-5-carboxanilide | 246-419-4 | 24691-76-7 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
616-035-00-5 | cymoxanil (ISO); 2-cyano-N-[(ethylamino)carbonyl]-2-(methoxyimino)acetamide | 261-043-0 | 57966-95-7 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
616-036-00-0 | 2-chloracetamide | 201-174-2 | 79-07-2 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 T; R25 R43 | T R: 25-43-62 S: (1/2-)22-36/37-45 | R43: C ≥ 0,1 % | |
616-037-00-6 | acetochlor (ISO); 2-chloro-N-(ethoxymethyl)-N-(2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)acetamide | 251-899-3 | 34256-82-1 | Xn; R20 Xi; R37/38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 20-37/38-43-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
616-038-00-1 | (4-aminophenyl)-N-methylmethylensulfonamide hydrochloride | 406-010-5 | 88918-84-7 | Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 41-43-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-61 | | |
616-039-00-7 | 3',5'-dichloro-4'-ethyl-2'-hydroxypalmitanilide | 406-200-8 | 117827-06-2 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
616-040-00-2 | potassium N-(4-toluenesulfonyl)-4-toluenesulfonamide | 406-650-5 | 97888-41-0 | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
616-041-00-8 | 3',5'-dichloro-2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)-4'-ethyl-2'-hydroxyhexananilide | 406-840-8 | 101664-25-9 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-042-00-3 | N-(2-(6-ethyl-7-(4-methylphenoxy)-1H-pyrazolo[1,5-b][1,2,4]triazol-2-yl)propyl)-2-octadecyloxybenzamide | 407-070-5 | 142859-67-4 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
616-043-00-9 | isoxaben (ISO); N-[3-(1-ethyl-1-methylpropyl)-1,2-oxazol-5-yl]-2,6-dimethoxybenzamide | 407-190-8 | 82558-50-7 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-044-00-4 | N-(3,5-dichloro-4-ethyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-2-(3-pentadecylphenoxy)-butanamide | 402-510-2 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
616-045-00-X | 2'-(4-chloro-3-cyano-5-formyl-2-thienylazo)-5'-diethylamino-2-methoxyacetanilide | 405-190-2 | 122371-93-1 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: 2-22-24-37-61 | | |
616-046-00-5 | N-(2-(6-chloro-7-methylpyrazolo(1,5-b)-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl)propyl)-2-(2,4-di-tert-pentylphenoxy)octanamide | 406-390-2 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-047-00-0 | reaction mass of: 2,2',2'',2'''-(ethylenedinitrilotetrakis-N,N-di(C16)alkylacetamide; 2,2',2'',2'''-(ethylenedinitrilotetrakis-N,N-di(C18)alkylacetamide | 406-640-0 | — | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
616-048-00-6 | 3'-trifluoromethylisobutyranilide | 406-740-4 | 1939-27-1 | Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
616-049-00-1 | 2-(2,4-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)phenoxy)-N-(3,5-dichloro-4-ethyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-hexanamide | 408-150-2 | 99141-89-6 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-050-00-7 | lufenuron (ISO); N-[2,5-dichloro-4-(1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoropropoxy)-phenyl-aminocarbonyl]-2,6-difluorobenzamide | 410-690-9 | 103055-07-8 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
616-051-00-2 | reaction mass of: 2,4 -bis(N'-(4-methylphenyl)-ureido)-toluene; 2,6 -bis(N'-(4-methylphenyl)-ureido)-toluene | 411-070-0 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-052-00-8 | formamide | 200-842-0 | 75-12-7 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 | T R: 61 S: 53-45 | | |
616-053-00-3 | N-methylacetamide | 201-182-6 | 79-16-3 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 | T R: 61 S: 53-45 | | |
616-054-00-9 | iprodione (ISO); 3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-2,4-dioxo-N-isopropylimidazolidine-1-carboxamide | 253-178-9 | 36734-19-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
616-055-00-4 | propyzamide (ISO); 3,5-dichloro-N-(1,1-dimethylprop-2-ynyl)benzamide | 245-951-4 | 23950-58-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
616-056-00-X | N-methylformamide | 204-624-6 | 123-39-7 | Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Xn; R21 | T R: 61-21 S: 53-45 | | E |
616-057-00-5 | reaction mass of: N-[3-hydroxy-2-(2-methylacryloylaminomethoxy)propoxymethyl]-2-methylacrylamide; N-[2,3-bis-(2-methylacryloylaminomethoxy)propoxymethyl]-2-methylacrylamide; methacrylamide; 2-methyl-N-(2-methylacryloylaminomethoxymethyl)-acrylamide; N-(2,3-dihydroxypropoxymethyl)-2-methylacrylamide | 412-790-8 | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xn; R48/22 | T R: 45-48/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
616-058-00-0 | 1,3-bis(3-methyl-2,5-dioxo-1H-pyrrolinylmethyl)benzene | 412-570-1 | 119462-56-5 | Xn; R48/22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 41-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
616-059-00-6 | 4-((4-(diethylamino)-2-ethoxyphenyl)imino)-1,4-dihydro-1-oxo-N-propyl-2-naphthalenecarboxamide | 412-650-6 | 121487-83-0 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-060-00-1 | Condensation product of: 3-(7-carboxyhept-1-yl)-6-hexyl-4-cyclohexene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid with polyamines (primarily amino-ethyl-piperazine and triethylenetetramine) | 413-770-1 | — | Xn; R22 C; R34 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 22-34-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
616-061-00-7 | N,N'-1,6-hexanediylbis(N-(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-piperidin-4-yl)-formamide | 413-610-0 | 124172-53-8 | Xi; R36 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-52/53 S: (2-)26-61 | | |
616-062-00-2 | N-[3-[(2-acetyloxy)ethyl](phenyl-methyl)amino]-4-methoxyphenylacetamide | 411-590-8 | 70693-57-1 | C; R34 R52-53 | C R: 34-52/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
616-063-00-8 | 3-dodecyl-(1-(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidin)-yl)-2,5-pyrrolidindione | 411-920-0 | 106917-30-0 | T; R23 Xn; R22-48/22 C; R35 N; R50-53 | T; C; N R: 22-23-35-48/22-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-28-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
616-064-00-3 | N-tert-butyl-3-methylpicolinamide | 406-720-5 | 32998-95-1 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
616-065-00-9 | 3'-(3-acetyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1,1-diethylurea | 411-970-3 | 79881-89-3 | Xn; R22-48/22 | Xn R: 22-48/22 S: (2-)22-36 | | |
616-066-00-4 | 5,6,12,13-tetrachloroanthra(2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f')diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10(2H,9H)-tetrone | 405-100-1 | 115662-06-1 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | Xn R: 62 S: (2-)22-36/37 | | |
616-067-00-X | dodecyl 3-(2-(3-benzyl-4-ethoxy-2,5-dioxoimidazolidin-1-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxovaleramido)-4-chlorobenzoate | 407-300-4 | 92683-20-0 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-068-00-5 | potassium 4-(11-methacrylamidoundecanamido)benzenesulfonate | 406-500-9 | 174393-75-0 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)22-24-37 | | |
616-069-00-0 | 1-hydroxy-5-(2-methylpropyloxycarbonylamino)-N-(3-dodecyloxypropyl)-2-naphthoamide | 406-210-2 | 110560-22-0 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-070-00-6 | reaction mass of: 3,3'-dicyclohexyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea; 3-cyclohexyl-1-(4-(4-(3-octadecylureido)benzyl)phenyl)urea; 3,3'-dioctadecyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea | 406-530-2 | — | R53 | R: 53 S: 22-61 | | |
616-071-00-1 | reaction mass of: bis(N-cyclohexyl-N'-phenyleneureido)methylene; bis(N-octadecyl-N'-phenyleneureido)methylene; bis(N-dicyclohexyl-N'-phenyleneureido)methylene (1:2:1) | 406-550-1 | — | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)22-24-37-61 | | |
616-072-00-7 | 1-(2-deoxy-5-O-trityl-β-D-threopentofuranosyl)thymine | 407-120-6 | 55612-11-8 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-073-00-2 | 4'-ethoxy-2-benzimidazoleanilide | 407-600-5 | 120187-29-3 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 R53 | Xn R: 68-53 S: (2-)22-36/37-61 | | |
616-074-00-8 | N-butyl-2-(4-morpholinylcarbonyl)benzamide | 407-730-2 | 104958-67-0 | Xi; R36 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 36-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
616-075-00-3 | D,L-(N,N-diethyl-2-hydroxy-2-phenylacetamide) | 408-120-9 | 65197-96-8 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 | Xn R: 22-41 S: (2-)26-39-46 | | |
616-076-00-9 | tebufenozide (ISO); N-tert-butyl-N'-(4-ethylbenzoyl)-3,5-dimethylbenzohydrazide | 412-850-3 | 112410-23-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
616-077-00-4 | reaction mass of: 2-(9-methyl-1,3,8,10-tetraoxo-2,3,9,10-tetrahydro-(1H,8H)-anthra[2,1,9-def: 6,5,10-d'e'f']diisoquinolin-2-ylethansulfonic acid; potassium 2-(9-methyl-1,3,8,10-tetraoxo-2,3,9,10-tetrahydro-(1H,8H)-anthra[2,1,9-def: 6,5,10-d'e'f']diisoquinolin-2-ylethansulfate | 411-310-4 | — | Xi; R41 | Xi R: 41 S: (2-)26-39 | | |
616-078-00-X | 2-[2,4-bis(1,1-dimethyl-ethyl)phenoxy]-N-(2-hydroxy-5-methyl-phenyl)hexanamide | 411-330-3 | 104541-33-5 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-079-00-5 | 1,6-hexanediyl-bis(2-(2-(1-ethylpentyl)-3-oxazolidinyl)ethyl)carbamate | 411-700-4 | 140921-24-0 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
616-080-00-0 | 4-(2-((3-ethyl-4-methyl-2-oxo-pyrrolin-1-yl)carboxamido)ethyl)benzenesulfonamide) | 411-850-0 | 119018-29-0 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
616-081-00-6 | 5-bromo-8-naphtholactam | 413-480-5 | 24856-00-6 | Xn; R22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-50/53 S: (2-)22-24-37-60-61 | | |
616-082-00-1 | N-(5-chloro-3-((4-(diethylamino)-2-methylphenyl)imino-4-methyl-6-oxo-1,4-cyclohexadien-1-yl)benzamide | 413-200-1 | 129604-78-0 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
616-083-00-7 | [2-[(4-nitrophenyl)amino]ethyl]urea | 410-700-1 | 27080-42-8 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-084-00-2 | 2,4-bis[N'-(4-methylphenyl)ureido]toluene | 411-790-5 | — | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-085-00-8 | 3-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-6-fluoro-quinazoline-2,4(1H,3H)-dione | 412-190-6 | 168900-02-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-086-00-3 | 2-acetylamino-6-chloro-4-[(4-diethylamino)2-methylphenyl-imino]-5-methyl-1-oxo-2,5-cyclohexadiene | 412-250-1 | 102387-48-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-087-00-9 | reaction mass of: 7,9,9-trimethyl-3,14-dioxa-4,13-dioxo-5,12-diazahexadecane-1,16-diyl-prop-2-enoate; 7,7,9-trimethyl-3,14-dioxa-4,13-dioxo-5,12-diazahexadecan-1,16-diyl-prop-2-enoate | 412-260-6 | 52658-19-2 | Xi; R36 R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 36-43-51/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-61 | | |
616-088-00-4 | 2-aminosulfonyl-N,N-dimethylnicotinamide | 413-440-7 | 112006-75-4 | R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 43-52/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-089-00-X | 5-(2,4-dioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydropyrimidine)-3-fluoro-2-hydroxymethyltetrahydrofuran | 415-360-8 | 41107-56-6 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | Xn R: 68 S: (2-)22-36/37 | | |
616-090-00-5 | 1-(1,4-benzodioxan-2-ylcarbonyl)piperazine hydrochloride | 415-660-9 | 70918-74-0 | T; R23/24/25 Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 23/24/25-48/22-51/53 S: 53-45-61 | | |
616-091-00-0 | 1,3,5-tris-[(2S and 2R)-2,3-epoxypropyl]-1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6-(1H,3H,5H)-trione | 423-400-0 | 59653-74-6 | Muta. Cat. 2; R46 T; R23 Xn; R22-48/22 Xi; R41 R43 | T R: 46-22-23-41-43-48/22 S: 53-45 | | E |
616-092-00-6 | Polymeric reaction product of bicyclo[2.2.1]hepta-2,5-diene, ethene, 1,4-hexadiene, 1-propene with N,N-di-2-propenylformamide | 404-035-6 | — | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-093-00-1 | Reaction products of: aniline-terephthalaldehyde-o-toluidine condensate with maleic anhydride | 406-620-1 | 129217-90-9 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-094-00-7 | 3,3'-dicyclohexyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea | 406-370-3 | 58890-25-8 | R43 R53 | Xi R: 43-53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-095-00-2 | 3,3'-dioctadecyl-1,1'-methylenebis(4,1-phenylene)diurea | 406-690-3 | 43136-14-7 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-096-00-8 | N-(3-hexadecyloxy-2-hydroxyprop-1-yl)-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)palmitamide | 408-110-4 | 110483-07-3 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-097-00-3 | N,N'-1,4-phenylenebis(2-((2-methoxy-4-nitrophenyl)azo)-3-oxobutanamide | 411-840-6 | 83372-55-8 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-098-00-9 | 1-[4-chloro-3-((2,2,3,3,3-pentafluoropropoxy)methyl)phenyl]-5-phenyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole-3-carboxamide | 411-750-7 | 119126-15-7 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
616-099-00-4 | 2-[4-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)sulfonyl]phenoxy]-4,4-dimethyl-N-[5-[(methylsulfonyl)amino]-2-[4-(1,1,3,3-tetramethylbutyl)phenoxy]phenyl]-3-oxopentanamide | 414-170-2 | 135937-20-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-100-00-8 | 1,3-dimethyl-1,3-bis(trimethylsilyl)urea | 414-180-7 | 10218-17-4 | Xn; R22 Xi; R38 | Xn R: 22-38 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
616-101-00-3 | (S)-N-tert-butyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-isoquinolinecarboxamide | 414-600-9 | 149182-72-9 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
616-102-00-9 | reaction mass of: α-[3-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonylamino)methylphenylaminocarbonyl]-ω-[3-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonylamino)methylphenylaminocarbonyloxy]-poly-(oxyethylene-co-oxypropylene); 1,2-(or 1,3-)bis[α-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonylamino)methylphenylaminocarbonyl)-ω-oxy-poly(oxyethylene-co-oxypropylene)]-3-(or 2-)propanol; 1,2,3-tris[α-(3-mercaptopropanoxycarbonyl-amino)methylphenylaminocarbonyl)-ω-oxy-poly-(oxyethylene-co-oxypropylene)]propane] | 415-870-0 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
616-103-00-4 | (S,S)-trans-4-(acetylamino)-5,6-dihydro-6-methyl-7,7-dioxo-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-2-sulfonamide | 415-030-3 | 120298-38-6 | R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
616-104-00-X | benalaxyl (ISO); methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(phenylacetyl)-DL-alaninate | 275-728-7 | 71626-11-4 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-105-00-5 | chlorotoluron (ISO); 3-(3-chloro-p-tolyl)-1,1-dimethylurea | 239-592-2 | 15545-48-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 40-63-50/53 S: (2-)26-36/37-46-60-61 | | |
616-106-00-0 | phenmedipham (ISO); methyl 3-(3-methylcarbaniloyloxy)carbanilate | 237-199-0 | 13684-63-4 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-108-00-1 | iodosulfuron-methyl-sodium; sodium ({[5-iodo-2-(methoxycarbonyl)phenyl]sulfonyl}carbamoyl)(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)azanide | — | 144550-36-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-109-00-7 | sulfosulfuron (ISO); 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-(2-ethylsulfonylimidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-3-yl)sulfonylurea | — | 141776-32-1 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-110-00-2 | cyclanilide (ISO); 1-(2,4-dichloroanilinocarbonyl)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid | 419-150-7 | 113136-77-9 | Xn; R22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-51/53 S: (2-)61 | | |
616-111-00-8 | fenhexamid (ISO); N-(2,3-dichlor-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylcyclohexancarboxamid | 422-530-5 | 126833-17-8 | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
616-112-00-3 | oxasulfuron (ISO); oxetan-3-yl 2-[(4,6-dimethylpyrimidin-2-yl)-carbamoylsulfamoyl]benzoate | — | 144651-06-9 | Xn; R48/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-50/53 S: (2-)46-60-61 | | |
616-113-00-9 | desmedipham (ISO); ethyl 3-phenylcarbamoyloxyphenylcarbamate | 237-198-5 | 13684-56-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | N; R50-53: C ≥ 2,5 % N; R51-53: 0,25 % ≤ C 616-114-00-4 | dodecanamide, N,N'-(9,9',10,10'-tetrahydro-9,9',10,10'-tetraoxo(1,1'-bianthracene)-4,4'-diyl)bis- | 418-010-2 | 136897-58-0 | R53 | R: 53 S: 22-61 | | |
616-115-00-X | N-(3-acetyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-4-(4-phenylbutoxy)benzamide | 416-150-9 | 136450-06-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-116-00-5 | N-(4-dimethylaminopyridinium)-3-methoxy-4-(1-methyl-5-nitroindol-3-ylmethyl)-N-(o-tolylsulfonyl)benzamidate | 416-790-9 | 143052-96-4 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-117-00-0 | N-[2-(3-acetyl-5-nitrothiophen-2-ylazo)-5-diethylaminophenyl]acetamide | 416-860-9 | 777891-21-1 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 43-62-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
616-118-00-6 | N-(2',6'-dimethylphenyl)-2-piperidinecarboxamide hydrochloride | 417-950-0 | 65797-42-4 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
616-119-00-1 | 2-(1-butyl-3,5-dioxo-2-phenyl-(1,2,4)-triazolidin-4-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxo-N-(2-methoxy-5-(2-(dodecyl-1-sulfonyl))propionylamino)-phenyl)-pentanamide | 418-060-5 | 118020-93-2 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-120-00-7 | reaction mass of: N-(3-dimethylamino-4-methyl-phenyl)-benzamide; N-(3-dimethylamino-2-methyl-phenyl)-benzamide; N-(3-dimethylamino-3-methyl-phenyl)-benzamide | 420-600-1 | — | Xn; R48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 48/22-51/53 S: (2-)36/37-61 | | |
616-121-00-2 | 2,4-dihydroxy-N-(2-methoxyphenyl)benzamide | 419-090-1 | 129205-19-2 | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-123-00-3 | N-[3-[[4-(diethylamino)-2-methylphenyl]imino]-6-oxo-1,4-cyclohexadienyl]acetamide | 414-740-0 | 96141-86-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-124-00-9 | lithium bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide | 415-300-0 | 90076-65-6 | T; R24/25 C; R34 R52-53 | T R: 24/25-34-52/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
616-125-00-4 | 3-cyano-N-(1,1-dimethylethyl)androsta-3,5-diene-17-β-carboxamide | 415-730-9 | 151338-11-3 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-127-00-5 | reaction mass of: N,N'-Ethane-1,2-diylbis(decanamide); 12-Hydroxy-N-[2-[1-oxydecyl)amino]ethyl]octadecanamide; N,N'-Ethane-1,2-diylbis(12-hydroxyoctadecanamide) | 430-050-2 | — | R43 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 43-51/53 S: (2-)24-37-61 | | |
616-128-00-0 | N-(2-(1-allyl-4,5-dicyanoimidazol-2-ylazo)-5-(dipropylamino)phenyl)-acetamide | 417-530-7 | 123590-00-1 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-129-00-6 | N,N'-bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidyl)isophthalamide | 419-710-0 | 42774-15-2 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 | Xn R: 22-36 S: (2-)22-25-26 | | |
616-130-00-1 | N-(3-(2-(4,4-dimethyl-2,5-dioxo-imidazolin-1-yl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-oxo-pentanoylamino)-4-methoxy-phenyl)-octadecanamide | 421-780-2 | 150919-56-5 | R53 | R: 53 S: 61 | | |
616-132-00-2 | N-[4-(4-cyano-2-furfurylidene-2,5-dihydro-5-oxo-3-furyl)phenyl]butane-1-sulfonamide | 423-250-6 | 130016-98-7 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
616-133-00-8 | N-cyclohexyl-S,S-dioxobenzo[b]tiophene-2-carboxamide | 423-990-1 | 149118-66-1 | Xn; R22 Xi; R41 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-41-50/53 S: (2-)22-26-39-60-61 | | |
616-134-00-3 | 3,3'-bis(dioctyloxyphosphinothioylthio)-N,N'-oxybis(methylene)dipropionamide | 401-820-5 | 793710-14-2 | R52-53 | R: 52/53 S: 61 | | |
616-135-00-9 | (3S,4aS,8aS)-2-[(2R,3S)-3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyl]-N-tert-butyldecahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxamide | 430-230-0 | 136522-17-3 | Xn; R22 R52-53 | Xn R: 22-52/53 S: (2-)22-61 | | |
616-142-00-7 | 1,3-Bis(vinylsulfonylacetamido)propane | 428-350-3 | 93629-90-4 | Muta. Cat. 3; R68 Xi; R41 R43 R52-53 | Xn R: 41-43-68-52/53 S: (2-)22-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
616-143-00-2 | N,N'-dihexadecyl-N,N'-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)propanediamide | 422-560-9 | 149591-38-8 | Repr. Cat. 3; R62 Xi; R36 R53 | Xn R: 36-62-53 S: (2-)26-36/37-61 | | |
617-001-00-2 | di-tert-butyl peroxide | 203-733-6 | 110-05-4 | O; R7 F; R11 | O; F R: 7-11 S: (2-)3/7-14-16-36/37/39 | | |
617-002-00-8 | α,α-dimethylbenzyl hydroperoxide; cumene hydroperoxide | 201-254-7 | 80-15-9 | O; R7 T; R23 Xn; R21/22-48/20/22 C; R34 N; R51-53 | O; T; N R: 7-21/22-23-34-48/20/22-51/53 S: (1/2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-45-50-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R37/38-41: 3 % ≤ C 617-003-00-3 | dilauroyl peroxide | 203-326-3 | 105-74-8 | O; R7 | O R: 7 S: (2-)3/7-14-36/37/39 | | |
617-004-00-9 | 1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl hydroperoxide | 212-230-0 | 771-29-9 | O; R7 Xn; R22 C; R34 N; R50-53 | O; C; N R: 7-22-34-50/53 S: (1/2-)3/7-14-26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 617-006-00-X | bis(α,α-dimethylbenzyl) peroxide | 201-279-3 | 80-43-3 | O; R7 Xi; R36/38 N; R51-53 | O; Xi; N R: 7-36/38-51/53 S: (2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-61 | | |
617-007-00-5 | tert-butyl α,α-dimethylbenzyl peroxide | 222-389-8 | 3457-61-2 | O; R7 Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | O; Xi; N R: 7-38-51/53 S: (2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-61 | | |
617-008-00-0 | dibenzoyl peroxide; benzoyl peroxide | 202-327-6 | 94-36-0 | E; R2 ⊗ Xi; R36 R43 | E; Xi R: 2-36-43 S: (2-)3/7-14-36/37/39 | | |
617-010-00-1 | 1-hydroperoxycyclohexyl 1-hydroxycyclohexyl peroxide; [1] 1,1'-dioxybiscyclohexan-1-ol; [2] cyclohexylidene hydroperoxide; [3] cyclohexanone, peroxide [4] | 201-091-1 [1] 219-306-2 [2] 220-279-4 [3] 235-527-7 [4] | 78-18-2 [1] 2407-94-5 [2] 2699-11-8 [3] 12262-58-7 [4] | E; R2 ⊗ Xn; R22 C; R34 | E; C R: 2-22-34 S: (1/2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 617-012-00-2 | 8-p-menthyl hydroperoxide; p-menthane hydroperoxide | 201-281-4 | 80-47-7 | O; R7 C; R34 Xn; R20 | O; C R: 7-20-34 S: (1/2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-45 | C; R34: C ≥ 10 % Xi; R36/37/38: 5 % ≤ C 617-013-00-8 | O,O-tert-butyl O-docosyl monoperoxyoxalate | 404-300-6 | 116753-76-5 | O; R7 N; R50-53 | O; N R: 7-50/53 S: (2-)7-14-36/37/39-47-60-61 | | |
617-014-00-3 | 6-(nonylamino)-6-oxo-peroxyhexanoic acid | 406-680-9 | 104788-63-8 | O; R7 Xi; R41 R43 N; R50 | O; Xi; N R: 7-41-43-50 S: (2-)3/7-14-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
617-015-00-9 | bis(4-methylbenzoyl)peroxide | 407-950-9 | 895-85-2 | E; R2 O; R7 N; R50-53 | E; N R: 2-7-50/53 S: (2-)7-14-36/37/39-47-60-61 | | |
617-016-00-4 | 3-hydroxy-1,1-dimethylbutyl 2-ethyl-2-methylheptaneperoxoate | 413-910-1 | — | O; R7 R10 Xi; R38 N; R50-53 | O; Xi; N R: 7-10-38-50/53 S: (2-)7/47-14-36/37/39-60-61 | | |
617-017-00-X | reaction mass of: 2,2'-bis(tert-pentylperoxy)-p-diisopropylbenzene; 2,2'-bis(tert-pentylperoxy)-m-diisopropylbenzene | 412-140-3 | 32144-25-5 | O; R7 ⊗ R53 | O R: 7-53 S: (2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-61 | | |
617-018-00-5 | reaction mass of: 1-methyl-1-(3-(1-methylethyl)phenyl)ethyl-1-methyl-1-phenylethylperoxide, 63 % by weight; 1-methyl-1-(4-(1-methylethyl)phenyl)ethyl-1-methyl-1-phenylethylperoxide, 31 % by weight | 410-840-3 | 71566-50-2 | O; R7 N; R51-53 | O; N R: 7-51/53 S: (2-)3/7-14-36/37/39-61 | | |
617-019-00-0 | 6-(phthalimido)peroxyhexanoic acid | 410-850-8 | 128275-31-0 | O; R7 Xi; R41 N; R50 | O; Xi; N R: 7-41-50 S: (2-)3/7-14-26-36/37/39-61 | | |
617-020-00-6 | 1,3-di(prop-2,2-diyl)benzene bis(neodecanoylperoxide) | 420-060-5 | 117663-11-3 | R10 O; R7 N; R51-53 | O; N R: 7-10-51/53 S: (2-)7-14-36/37/39-47-61 | | |
647-001-00-8 | glucosidase, β- | 232-589-7 | 9001-22-3 | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22-24-36/37 | | |
647-002-00-3 | cellulase | 232-734-4 | 9012-54-8 | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22-24-36/37 | | |
647-003-00-9 | cellobiohydrolase, exo- | 253-465-9 | 37329-65-0 | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22-24-36/37 | | |
647-004-00-4 | cellulases with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22-24-36/37 | | A |
647-005-00-X | bromelain, juice | 232-572-4 | 9001-00-7 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-006-00-5 | ficin | 232-599-1 | 9001-33-6 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-007-00-0 | papain | 232-627-2 | 9001-73-4 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-008-00-6 | pepsin A | 232-629-3 | 9001-75-6 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-009-00-1 | rennin | 232-645-0 | 9001-98-3 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-010-00-7 | trypsin | 232-650-8 | 9002-07-7 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-011-00-2 | chymotrypsin | 232-671-2 | 9004-07-3 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-012-00-8 | subtilisin | 232-752-2 | 9014-01-1 | Xi; R37/38-41 R42 | Xn R: 37/38-41-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37/39 | | |
647-013-00-3 | proteinase, microbial neutral | 232-966-6 | 9068-59-1 | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-014-00-9 | proteases with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | Xi; R36/37/38 R42 | Xn R: 36/37/38-42 S: (2-)22-24-26-36/37 | | |
647-015-00-4 | amylase, α- | 232-565-6 | 9000-90-2 | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22-24-36/37 | | |
647-016-00-X | amylases with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex | — | — | R42 | Xn R: 42 S: (2-)22-24-36/37 | | |
648-001-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), benzole fraction; Light Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of coal tar. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers primarily in the range of C4 to C10 and distilling in the approximate range of 80 oC to 160 oC (175 oF to 320 oF).] | 283-482-7 | 84650-02-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-002-00-6 | Tar oils, brown-coal; Light Oil; [The distillate from lignite tar boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 250 oC (176 oF to 482 oF). Composed primarily of aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons and monobasic phenols.] | 302-674-4 | 94114-40-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-003-00-1 | Benzol forerunnings (coal); Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling; [The distillate from coke oven light oil having an approximate distillation range below 100 oC (212 oF). Composed primarily of C4 to C6 aliphatic hydrocarbons.] | 266-023-5 | 65996-88-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-004-00-7 | Distillates (coal tar), benzole fraction, BTX-rich; Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling; [A residue from the distillation of crude benzole to remove benzole fronts. Composed primarily of benzene, toluene and xylenes boiling in the range of approximately 75 oC to 200 oC (167 oF to 392 oF).] | 309-984-9 | 101896-26-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-005-00-2 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C6-10, C8-rich; Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling | 292-697-5 | 90989-41-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-006-00-8 | Solvent naphtha (coal), light; Light Oil Redistillate, low boiling | 287-498-5 | 85536-17-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-007-00-3 | Solvent naphtha (coal), xylene-styrene cut; Light Oil Redistillate, intermediate boiling | 287-502-5 | 85536-20-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-008-00-9 | Solvent naphtha (coal), coumarone-styrene contg.; Light Oil Redistillate, intermediate boiling | 287-500-4 | 85536-19-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-009-00-4 | Naphtha (coal), distn. residues; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling; [The residue remaining from the distillation of recovered naphtha. Composed primarily of naphthalene and condensation products of indene and styrene.] | 292-636-2 | 90641-12-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-010-00-X | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling | 292-694-9 | 90989-38-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-012-00-0 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8-9, hydrocarbon resin polymn. by-product; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the evaporation of solvent under vacuum from polymerized hydrocarbon resin. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C9 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 215 oC (248 oF to 419 oF).] | 295-281-1 | 91995-20-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-013-00-6 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C9-12, benzene distn.; Light Oil Redistillate, high boiling | 295-551-9 | 92062-36-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-014-00-1 | Extract residues (coal), benzole fraction alk., acid ext.; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [The redistillate from the distillate, freed of tar acids and tar bases, from bituminous coal high temperature tar boiling in the approximate range of 90 oC to 160 oC (194 oF to 320 oF). It consists predominantly of benzene, toluene and xylenes.] | 295-323-9 | 91995-61-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-015-00-7 | Extract residues (coal tar), benzole fraction alk., acid ext.; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the redistillation of the distillate of high temperature coal tar (tar acid and tar base free). It consists predominantly of unsubstituted and substituted mononuclear aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of 85 oC-195 oC (185 oF-383 oF).] | 309-868-8 | 101316-63-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-016-00-2 | Extract residues (coal), benzole fraction acid; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [An acid sludge by-product of the sulphuric acid refining of crude high temperature coal. Composed primarily of sulfuric acid and organic compounds.] | 298-725-2 | 93821-38-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-017-00-8 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., distn. overheads; Light Oil Extract Residues, low boiling; [The first fraction from the distillation of aromatic hydrocarbons, coumarone, naphthalene and indene rich prefactionator bottoms or washed carbolic oil boiling substantially below 145 oC (293 oF). Composed primarily of C7 and C8 aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 292-625-2 | 90641-02-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-018-00-3 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., acid ext., indene fraction; Light Oil Extract Residues, intermediate boiling | 309-867-2 | 101316-62-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-019-00-9 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., indene naphtha fraction; Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [The distillate from aromatic hydrocarbons, coumarone, naphthalene and indene rich prefractionator bottoms or washed carbolic oils, having an approximate boiling range of 155 oC to 180 oC (311 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of indene, indan and trimethylbenzenes.] | 292-626-8 | 90641-03-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-020-00-4 | Solvent naphtha (coal); Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [The distillate from either high temperature coal tar, coke oven light oil, or coal tar oil alkaline extract residue having an approximate distillation range of 130 oC to 210 oC (266 oF to 410 oF) Composed primarily of indene and other polycyclic ring systems containing a single aromatic ring. May contain phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-013-0 | 65996-79-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-021-00-X | Distillates (coal tar), light oils, neutral fraction; Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [A distillate from the fractional distillation of high temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of alkyl-substituted one ring aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 135 oC to 210 oC (275 oF to 410 oF). May also include unsaturated hydrocarbons such as indene and coumarone.] | 309-971-8 | 101794-90-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-022-00-5 | Distillates (coal tar), light oils, acid exts.; Light Oil Extract Residues, high boiling; [This oil is a complex mixture of aromatic hydrocarbons, primarily indene, naphthalene, coumarone, phenol, and o-, m- and p-cresol and boiling in the range of 140 oC to 215 oC (284 oF to 419 oF).] | 292-609-5 | 90640-87-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-023-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), light oils; Carbolic Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of coal tar. It consists of aromatic and other hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen compounds and distills at the approximate range of 150 oC to 210 oC (302 oF to 410 oF).] | 283-483-2 | 84650-03-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-024-00-6 | Tar oils, coal; Carbolic Oil; [The distillate from high temperature coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 130 oC to 250 oC (266 oF to 410 oF). Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkylnaphthalenes, phenolic compounds, and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-016-7 | 65996-82-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-026-00-7 | Extract residues (coal), light oil alk., acid ext.; Carbolic Oil Extract Residue; [The oil resulting from the acid washing of alkali-washed carbolic oil to remove the minor amounts of basic compounds (tar bases). Composed primarily of indene, indan and alkylbenzenes.] | 292-624-7 | 90641-01-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-027-00-2 | Extract residues (coal), tar oil alk.; Carbolic Oil Extract Residue; [The residue obtained from coal tar oil by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxide after the removal of crude coal tar acids. Composed primarily of naphthalenes and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-021-4 | 65996-87-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-028-00-8 | Extract oils (coal), light oil; Acid Extract; [The aqueous extract produced by an acidic wash of alkali-washed carbolic oil. Composed primarily of acid salts of various aromatic nitrogen bases including pyridine, quinoline and their alkyl derivatives.] | 292-622-6 | 90640-99-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-029-00-3 | Pyridine, alkyl derivs.; Crude Tar Bases; [The complex combination of polyalkylated pyridines derived from coal tar distillation or as high-boiling distillates approximately above 150 oC (302 oF) from the reaction of ammonia with acetaldehyde, formaldehyde or paraformaldehyde.] | 269-929-9 | 68391-11-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-030-00-9 | Tar bases, coal, picoline fraction; Distillate Bases; [Pyridine bases boiling in the range of approximately 125 oC to 160 oC (257 oF 320 oF) obtained by distillation of neutralized acid extract of the base-containing tar fraction obtained by the distillation of bituminous coal tars. Composed chiefly of lutidines and picolines.] | 295-548-2 | 92062-33-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-031-00-4 | Tar bases, coal, lutidine fraction; Distillate Bases | 293-766-2 | 91082-52-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-032-00-X | Extract oils (coal), tar base, collidine fraction; Distillate Bases; [The extract produced by the acidic extraction of bases from crude coal tar aromatic oils, neutralization, and distillation of the bases. Composed primarily of collidines, aniline, toluidines, lutidines, xylidines.] | 273-077-3 | 68937-63-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-033-00-5 | Tar bases, coal, collidine fraction; Distillate Bases; [The distillation fraction boiling in the range of approximately 181 oC to 186 oC (356 oF to 367 oF) from the crude bases obtained from the neutralized, acid-extracted base-containing tar fractions obtained by the distillation of bituminous coal tar. It contains chiefly aniline and collidines.] | 295-543-5 | 92062-28-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-034-00-0 | Tar bases, coal, aniline fraction; Distillate Bases; [The distillation fraction boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 200 oC (356 oF to 392 oF) from the crude bases obtained by dephenolating and debasing the carbolated oil from the distillation of coal tar. It contains chiefly aniline, collidines, lutidines and toluidines.] | 295-541-4 | 92062-27-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-035-00-6 | Tar bases, coal, toluidine fraction; Distillate Bases | 293-767-8 | 91082-53-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-036-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), alkene-alkyne manuf. pyrolysis oil, mixed with high-temp. coal tar, indene fraction; Redistillates; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a redistillate from the fractional distillation of bituminous coal high temperature tar and residual oils that are obtained by the pyrolytic production of alkenes and alkynes from petroleum products or natural gas. It consists predominantly of indene and boils in a range of approximately 160 oC to 190 oC (320 oF to 374 oF).] | 295-292-1 | 91995-31-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-037-00-7 | Distillates (coal), coal tar-residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oils; Redistillates; [The redistillate obtained from the fractional distillation of bituminous coal high temperature tar and pyrolysis residual oils and boiling in the range of approximately 190 oC to 270 oC (374 oF to 518 oF). Composed primarily of substituted dinuclear aromatics.] | 295-295-8 | 91995-35-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-038-00-2 | Extract oils (coal), coal tar-residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oil, redistillate; Redistillates; [The redistillate from the fractional distillation of dephenolated and debased methylnaphthalene oil obtained from bituminous coal high temperature tar and pyrolysis residual oils boiling in the approximate range of 220 oC to 230 oC (428 oF to 446 oF). It consists predominantly of unsubstituted and substituted dinuclear aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 295-329-1 | 91995-66-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-039-00-8 | Extract oils (coal), coal tar-residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oils; Redistillates; [A neutral oil obtained by debasing and dephenolating the oil obtained from the distillation of high temperature tar and pyrolysis residuel oils which has a boiling range of 225 oC to 255 oC (437 oF to 491 oF). Composed primarily of substituted dinuclear aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 310-170-0 | 122070-79-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-040-00-3 | Extract oils (coal), coal tar residual pyrolysis oils, naphthalene oil, distn. residues; Redistillates; [Residue from the distillation of dephenolated and debased methylnaphthalene oil (from bituminous coal tar and pyrolysis residual oils) with a boiling range of 240 oC to 260 oC (464 oF to 500 oF). Composed primarily of substituted dinuclear aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 310-171-6 | 122070-80-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-041-00-9 | Absorption oils, bicyclo arom. and heterocyclic hydrocarbon fraction; Wash Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a redistillate from the distillation of wash oil. It consists predominantly of 2-ringed aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 290 oC (500 oF to 554 oF).] | 309-851-5 | 101316-45-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-042-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), upper, fluorene-rich; Wash Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the crystallization of tar oil. It consists af aromatic and polycyclic hydrocarbons primarily fluorene and some acenaphthene.] | 284-900-0 | 84989-11-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-043-00-X | Creosote oil, acenaphthene fraction, acenaphthene-free; Wash Oil Redistillate; [The oil remaining after removal by a crystallization process of acenaphthene from acenaphthene oil from coal tar. Composed primarily of naphthalene and alkylnaphthalenes.] | 292-606-9 | 90640-85-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-044-00-5 | Distillates (coal tar), heavy oils; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [Distillate from the fractional distillation of coal tar of bituminous coal, with boiling range of 240 oC to 400 oC (464 oF to 752 oF). Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear hydrocarbons and heterocyclic compounds.] | 292-607-4 | 90640-86-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-045-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), upper; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The distillate from coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 220 oC to 450 oC (428 oF to 842 oF). Composed primarily of three to four membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons and other hydrocarbons.] | 266-026-1 | 65996-91-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-046-00-6 | Anthracene oil, acid ext.; Anthracene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the base-freed fraction obtained from the distillation of coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 325 oC to 365 oC (617 oF to 689 oF). It contains predominantly anthracene and phenanthrene and their alkyl derivatives.] | 295-274-3 | 91995-14-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-047-00-1 | Distillates (coal tar); Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The distillate from coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 100 oC to 450 oC (212 oF to 842 oF). Composed primarily of two to four membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds, and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-027-7 | 65996-92-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-048-00-7 | Distillates (coal tar), pitch, heavy oils; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The distillate from the distillation of the pitch obtained from bituminous high temperature tar. Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons and boiling in the range of approximately 300 oC to 470 oC (572 oF to 878 oF). The product may also contain heteroatoms.] | 295-312-9 | 91995-51-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-049-00-2 | Distillates (coal tar), pitch; Heavy Anthracene Oil; [The oil obtained from condensation of the vapors from the heat treatment of pitch. Composed primarily of two- to four-ring aromatic compounds boiling in the range of 200 oC to greater than 400 oC (392 oF to greater than 752 oF).] | 309-855-7 | 101316-49-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-050-00-8 | Distillates (coal tar), heavy oils, pyrene fraction; Heavy Anthracene Oil Redistillate; [The redistillate obtained from the fractional distillation of pitch distillate boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 400 oC (662 oF to 752 oF). Consists predominantly of tri- and polynuclear aromatics and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 295-304-5 | 91995-42-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-051-00-3 | Distillates (coal tar), pitch, pyrene fraction; Heavy Anthracene Oil Redistillate; [The redistillate obtained from the fractional distillation of pitch distillate and boiling in the range of approximately 380 oC to 410 oC (7160 to 770 oF). Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons and heterocyclic compounds.] | 295-313-4 | 91995-52-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-052-00-9 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal high-temp. tar, carbon-treated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complet combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of lignite carbonization tar with activated carbon for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-296-6 | 97926-76-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-053-00-4 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal high-temp tar, clay-treated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of lignite carbonization tar with bentonite for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-297-1 | 97926-77-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-054-00-X | Pitch; Pitch | 263-072-4 | 61789-60-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-055-00-5 | Pitch, coal tar, high-temp.; Pitch; [The residue from the distillation of high temperature coal tar. A black solid with an approximate softening point from 30 oC to 180 oC (86 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of three or more membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 266-028-2 | 65996-93-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-056-00-0 | Pitch, coal tar, high-temp., heat-treated; Pitch; [The heat treated residue from the distillation of high temperature coal tar. A black solid with an approximate softening point from 80 oC to 180 oC (176 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of three or more membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 310-162-7 | 121575-60-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-057-00-6 | Pitch, coal tar, high-temp., secondary; Pitch Redistillate; [The residue obtained during the distillation of high boiling fractions from bituminous coal high temperature tar and/or pitch coke oil, with a softening point of 140 oC to 170 oC (284 oF to 392 oF) according to DIN 52025. Composed primarily of tri- and polynuclear aromatic compounds which also contain heteroatoms.] | 302-650-3 | 94114-13-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-058-00-1 | Residues (coal tar), pitch distn.; Pitch Redistillate; [Residue from the fractional distillation of pitch distillate boiling in the range of approximately 400 oC to 470 oC (752 oF to 846 oF). Composed primarily of polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, and heterocyclic compounds.] | 295-507-9 | 92061-94-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-059-00-7 | Tar, coal, high-temp., distn. and storage residues; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [Coke- and ash-containing solid residues that separate on distillation and thermal treatment of bituminous coal high temperature tar in distillation installations and storage vessels. Consists predominantly of carbon and contains a small quantity of hetero compounds as well as ash components.] | 295-535-1 | 92062-20-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-060-00-2 | Tar, coal, storage residues; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [The deposit removed from crude coal tar storages. Composed primarily of coal tar and carbonaceous particulate matter.] | 293-764-1 | 91082-50-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-061-00-8 | Tar, coal, high-temp., residues; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [Solids formed during the coking of bituminous coal to produce crude bituminous coal high temperature tar. Composed primarily of coke and coal particles, highly aromatized compounds and mineral substances.] | 309-726-5 | 100684-51-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-062-00-3 | Tar, coal, high-temp., high-solids; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [The condensation product obtained by cooling, to approximately ambient temperature, the gas evolved in the high temperature (greater than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. Composed primarily of a complex mixture of condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons with a high solid content of coal-type materials.] | 273-615-7 | 68990-61-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-063-00-9 | Waste solids, coal-tar pitch coking; Coal Tar Solids Residue; [The combination of wastes formed by the coking of bituminous coal tar pitch. It consists predominantly of carbon.] | 295-549-8 | 92062-34-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-064-00-4 | Extract residues (coal), brown; Coal Tar Extract; [The residue from extraction of dried coal.] | 294-285-0 | 91697-23-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-065-00-X | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal-high-temp. tar; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from lignite carbonization tar by solvent crystallisation (solvent deoiling), by sweating or an adducting process. It consists predominantly of straight and branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-454-1 | 92045-71-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-066-00-5 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal-high-temp. tar, hydrotreated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from lignite carbonization tar by solvent crystallisation (solvent deoiling), by sweating or an adducting process treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of straight and branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-455-7 | 92045-72-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-067-00-0 | Paraffin waxes (coal), brown-coal high-temp tar, silicic acid-treated; Coal Tar Extract; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of lignite carbonization tar with silicic acid for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-298-7 | 97926-78-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-068-00-6 | Tar, coal, low-temp., distn. residues; Tar Oil, intermediate boiling; [Residues from fractional distillation of low temperature coal tar to remove oils that boil in a range up to approximately 300 oC (572 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic compounds.] | 309-887-1 | 101316-85-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-069-00-1 | Pitch, coal tar, low-temp; Pitch Residue; [A complex black solid or semi-solid obtained from the distillation of a low temperature coal tar. It has a softening point within the approximate range of 40 oC to 180 oC (104 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of hydrocarbons.] | 292-651-4 | 90669-57-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-070-00-7 | Pitch, coal tar, low-temp., oxidized; Pitch Residue, oxidised; [The product obtained by air-blowing, at elevated temperature, low-temperature coal tar pitch. It has a softening-point within the approximate range of 70 oC to 180 oC (158 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of hydrocarbons.] | 292-654-0 | 90669-59-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-071-00-2 | Pitch, coal tar, low-temp., heat-treated; Pitch Residue, oxidised; Pitch Residue, heat-treated; [A complex black solid obtained by the heat treatment of low temperature coal tar pitch. It has a softening point within the approximate range of 50 oC to 140 oC (122 oF to 284 oF). Composed primarily of a complex mixture of aromatic compounds.] | 292-653-5 | 90669-58-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-072-00-8 | Distillates (coal-petroleum), condensed-ring arom; Distillates; [The distillate from a mixture of coal and tar and aromatic petroleum streams having an approximate distillation range of 220 oC to 450 oC (428 oF to 842 oF). Composed primarily of 3- to 4-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-159-3 | 68188-48-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-073-00-3 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C20-28, polycyclic, mixed coal-tar pitch-polyethylene-polypropylene pyrolysis-derived; Pyrolysis Products; [A complex combination hydrocarbons obtained from mixed coal tar pitch-polyethylene-polypropylene pyrolysis. Composed primarily of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C28 and having a softening point of 100 oC to 220 oC (212 oF to 428 oF) according to DIN 52025.] | 309-956-6 | 101794-74-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-074-00-9 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C20-28, polycyclic, mixed coal-tar pitch-polyethylene pyrolysis-derived; Pyrolysis Products; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from mixed coal tar pitch-polyethylene pyrolysis. Composed primarily of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C28 and having a softening point of 100 oC to 220 oC (212 oF to 428 oF) according to DIN 52025.] | 309-957-1 | 101794-75-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-075-00-4 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C20-28, polycyclic, mixed coal-tar pitch-polystyrene pyrolysis-derived; Pyrolysis Products; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from mixed coal tar pitch-polystyrene pyrolysis. Composed primarily of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C28 and having a softening point of 100 oC to 220 oC (212 oF to 428 oF) according to DIN 52025.] | 309-958-7 | 101794-76-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-076-00-X | Pitch, coal tar-petroleum; Pitch Residues; [The residue from the distillation of a mixture of coal tar and aromatic petroleum streams. A solid with a softening point from 40 oC to 180 oC (140 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of a complex combination of three or more membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-109-0 | 68187-57-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-077-00-5 | Phenanthrene, distn. residues; Heavy Anthracene Oil Redistillate; [Residue from the distillation of crude phenanthrene boiling in the approximate range of 340 oC to 420 oC (644 oF to 788 oF). It consists predominantly of phenanthrene, anthracene and carbazole.] | 310-169-5 | 122070-78-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-078-00-0 | Distillates (coal tar), upper, fluorene-free; Wash Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the crystallization of tar oil. It consists of aromatic polycyclic hydrocarbons, primarily diphenyl, dibenzofuran and acenaphthene.] | 284-899-7 | 84989-10-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-079-00-6 | Anthracene oil; Anthracene oil; [A complex combination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons obtained from coal tar having an approximate distillation range of 300 oC ot 400 oC (572 oF to 752 oF). Composed primarily of phenanthrene, anthracene and carbazole.] | 292-602-7 | 90640-80-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-080-00-1 | Residues (coal tar), creosote oil distn.; Wash Oil Redistillate; [The residue from the fractional distillation of wash oil boiling in the approximate range of 270 oC to 330 oC (518 oF to 626 oF). It consists predominantly of dinuclear aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 295-506-3 | 92061-93-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-081-00-7 | Tar, coal; Coal tar; [The by-product from the destructive distillation of coal. Almost black semisolid. A complex combination of aromatic hydro-carbons, phenolic compounds, nitrogen bases and thiophene.] | 232-361-7 | 8007-45-2 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-082-00-2 | Tar, coal, high-temp.; Coal tar; [The condensation product obtained by cooling, to approximately ambient temperature, the gas evolved in the high temperature (greater than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. A black viscous liquid denser than water. Composed primarily of a complex mixture of condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons. May contain minor amounts of phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 266-024-0 | 65996-89-6 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-083-00-8 | Tar, coal, low-temp.; Coal oil; [The condensation product obtained by cooling, to approximately ambient temperature, the gas evolved in low temperature (less than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. A black viscous liquid denser than water. Composed primarily of condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds, aromatic nitrogen bases, and their alkyl derivatives.] | 266-025-6 | 65996-90-9 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-084-00-3 | Distillates (coal), coke-oven light oil, naphthalene cut; Naphthalene Oil; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from prefractionation (continuous distillation) of coke oven light oil. It consists predominantly of naphthalene, coumarone and indene and boils above 148 oC (298 oF).] | 285-076-5 | 85029-51-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-085-00-9 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils; Naphthalene Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of coal tar. It consists primarily of aromatic and other hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen compounds and distills in the approximate range of 200 oC to 250 oC (392 oF to 482 oF).] | 283-484-8 | 84650-04-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-086-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, naphthalene-low; Naphthalene Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by crystallization of naphthalene oil. Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkyl naphthalenes and phenolic compounds.] | 284-898-1 | 84989-09-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-087-00-X | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oil crystn. mother liquor; Naphthalene Oil Redistillate; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained as a filtrate from the crystallization of the naphthalene fraction from coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 230 oC (392 oF to 446 oF). Contains chiefly naphthalene, thionaphthene and alkylnaphthalenes.] | 295-310-8 | 91995-49-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-088-00-5 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil, alk.; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the alkali washing of naphthalene oil to remove phenolic compounds (tar acids). It is composed of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 310-166-9 | 121620-47-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-089-00-0 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil, alk., naphthalene-low; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons remaining after the removal of naphthalene from alkali-washed naphthalene oil by a crystallization process. It is composed primarily of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 310-167-4 | 121620-48-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-090-00-6 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, naphthalene-free, alk. exts.; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The oil remaining after the removal of phenolic compounds (tar acids) from drained naphthalene oil by an alkali wash. Composed primarily of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 292-612-1 | 90640-90-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-091-00-1 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil alk., distn. overheads; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The distillation from alkali-washed naphthalene oil having an approximate distillation range of 180 oC to 220 oC (356 oF to 428 oF). Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkylbenzenes, indene and indan.] | 292-627-3 | 90641-04-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-092-00-7 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, methylnaphthalene fraction; Methylnaphthalene Oil; [A distillate from the fractional distillation of high temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of substituted two ring aromatic hydrocarbons and aromatic nitrogen bases boiling in the range of approximately 225 oC to 255 oC (437 oF to 491 oF).] | 309-985-4 | 101896-27-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-093-00-2 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, indole-methylnaphthalene fraction; Methylnaphthalene Oil; [A distillate from the fractional distillation of high temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of indole and methylnaphthalene boiling in the range of approximately 235 oC to 255 oC (455 oF to 491 oF).] | 309-972-3 | 101794-91-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-094-00-8 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, acid exts.; Methylnaphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by debasing the methylnaphthalene fraction obtained by the distillation of coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 255 oC (446 oF to 491 oF). Contains chiefly 1(2)-methylnaphthalene, naphthalene, dimethylnaphthalene and biphenyl.] | 295-309-2 | 91995-48-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-095-00-3 | Extract residues (coal), naphthalene oil alk., distn. residues; Methylnaphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The residue from the distillation of alkali-washed naphthalene oil having an approximate distillation range of 220 oC to 300 oC (428 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of naphthalene, alkylnaphthalenes and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 292-628-9 | 90641-05-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-096-00-9 | Extract oils (coal), acidic, tar-base free; Methylnaphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The extract oil boiling in the range of approximately 220 oC to 265 oC (428 oF to 509 oF) from coal tar alkaline extract residue produced by an acidic wash such as aqueous sulfuric acid after distillation to remove tar bases. Composed primarily of alkylnaphthalenes.] | 284-901-6 | 84989-12-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-097-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), benzole fraction, distn. residues; Wash Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude benzole (high temperature coal tar). It may be a liquid with the approximate distillation range of 150 oC to 300 oC (302 oF to 572 oF) or a semi-solid or solid with a melting point up to 70 oC (158 oF). It is composed primarily of naphthalene and alkyl naphthalenes.] | 310-165-3 | 121620-46-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-098-00-X | Creosote oil, acenaphthene fraction; Wash Oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of coal tar and boiling in the range of approximately 240 oC to 280 oC (464 oF to 536 oF). Composed primarily of acenaphthene, naphthalene and alkyl naphthalene.] | 292-605-3 | 90640-84-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-099-00-5 | Creosote oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of coal tar. It consists primarily of aromatic hydrocarbons and may contain appreciable quantities of tar acids and tar bases. It distills at the approximate range of 200 oC to 325 oC (392 oF to 617 oF).] | 263-047-8 | 61789-28-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-100-00-9 | Creosote oil, high-boiling distillate; Wash Oil; [The high-boiling distillation fraction obtained from the high temperature carbonization of bituminous coal which is further refined to remove excess crystalline salts. It consists primarily of creosote oil with some of the normal polynuclear aromatic salts, which are components of coal tar distillates, removed. It is crystal free at approximately 5 oC (41 oF).] | 274-565-9 | 70321-79-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-101-00-4 | Creosote; [The distillate of coal tar produced by the high temperature carbonization of bituminous coal. It consists primarily of aromatic hydrocarbons, tar acids and tar bases.] | 232-287-5 | 8001-58-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-102-00-X | Extract residues (coal), creosote oil acid; Wash Oil Extract Residue; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the base-freed fraction from the distillation of coal tar, boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 280 oC (482 oF to 536 oF). It consists predominantly of biphenyl and isomeric diphenylnaphthalenes.] | 310-189-4 | 122384-77-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-103-00-5 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [The anthracene-rich solid obtained by the crystallization and centrifuging of anthracene oil. It is composed primarily of anthracene, carbazole and phenanthrene.] | 292-603-2 | 90640-81-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-104-00-0 | Anthracene oil, anthracene-low; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [The oil remaining after the removal, by a crystallization process, of an anthracene-rich solid (anthracene paste) from anthracene oil. It is composed primarily of two, three and four membered aromatic compounds.] | 292-604-8 | 90640-82-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-105-00-6 | Residues (coal tar), anthracene oil distn.; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [The residue from the fraction distillation of crude anthracene boiling in the approximate range of 340 oC to 400 oC (644 oF to 752 oF). It consists predominantly of tri- and polynuclear aromatic and heterocyclic hydrocarbons.] | 295-505-8 | 92061-92-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-106-00-1 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste, anthracene fraction; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of anthracene obtained by the crystallization of anthracene oil from bituminous high temperature tar and boiling in the range of 330 oC to 350 oC (626 oF to 662 oF). It contains chiefly anthracene, carbazole and phenanthrene.] | 295-275-9 | 91995-15-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-107-00-7 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste, carbazole fraction; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of anthracene obtained by crystallization of anthrancene oil from bituminous coal high temperature tar and boiling in the approximate range of 350 oC to 360 oC (662 oF to 680 oF). It contains chiefly anthacene, carbazole and phenanthrene.] | 295-276-4 | 91995-16-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-108-00-2 | Anthracene oil, anthracene paste, distn. lights; Anthracene Oil Fraction; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of anthracene obtained by crystallization of anthracene oil from bituminous light temperature tar and boiling in the range of approximately 290 oC to 340 oC (554 oF to 644 oF). It contains chiefly trinuclear aromatics and their dihydro derivatives.] | 295-278-5 | 91995-17-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-109-00-8 | Tar oils, coal, low-temp.; Tar Oil, high boiling; [A distillate from low-temperature coal tar. Composed primarily of hydrocarbons, phenolic compounds and aromatic nitrogen bases boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 340 oC (320 oF to 644 oF).] | 309-889-2 | 101316-87-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-110-00-3 | Extract residues (coal), low temp. coal atar alk.; [The residue from low temperature coal tar oils after an alkaline wash, such as aqueous sodium hydroxide, to remove crude coal tar acids. Composed primarily of hydrocarbons and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 310-191-5 | 122384-78-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-111-00-9 | Phenols, ammonia liquor ext.; Alkaline Extract; [The combination of phenols extracted, using isobutyl acetate, from the ammonia liquor condensed from the gas evolved in low-temperature (less than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. It consists predominantly of a mixture of monohydric and dihydric phenols.] | 284-881-9 | 84988-93-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-112-00-4 | Distillates (coal tar), light oils, alk. exts.; Alkaline Extract; [The aqueous extract from carbolic oil produced by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxide. Composed primarily of the alkali salts of various phenolic compounds.] | 292-610-0 | 90640-88-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-113-00-X | Extracts, coal tar oil alk.; Alkaline Extract; [The extract from coal tar oil produced by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxide. Composed primarily of the alkali salts of various phenolic compounds.] | 266-017-2 | 65996-83-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-114-00-5 | Distillates (coal tar), naphthalene oils, alk. exts.; Alkaline Extract; [The aqueous extract from naphthalene oil produced by an alkaline wash such as aqueous sodium hydroxid. Composed primarily of the alkali salts of various phenolic compounds.] | 292-611-6 | 90640-89-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-115-00-0 | Extract residues (coal), tar oil alk., carbonated, limed; Crude Phenols; [The product obtained by treatment of coal tar oil alkaline extract with CO2 and CaO. Composed primarily of CaCO3, Ca(OH)2, Na2CO3 and other organic and inorganic impurities.] | 292-629-4 | 90641-06-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-116-00-6 | Tar acids, coal, crude; Crude Phenols; [The reaction product obtained by neutralizing coal tar oil alkaline extract with an acidic solution, such as aqueous sulfuric acid, or gaseous carbon dioxide, to obtain the free acids. Composed primarily of tar acids such as phenol, cresols, and xylenols.] | 266-019-3 | 65996-85-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-117-00-1 | Tar acids, brown-coal, crude; Crude Phenols; [An acidified alkaline extract of brown coal tar distillate. Composed primarily of phenol and phenol homologs.] | 309-888-7 | 101316-86-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-118-00-7 | Tar acids, brown-coal gasification; Crude Phenols; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained from brown coal gasification. Composed primarily of C6-10 hydroxy aromatic phenols and their homologs.] | 295-536-7 | 92062-22-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-119-00-2 | Tar acids, distn. residues; Distillate Phenols; [A residue from the distillation of crude phenol from coal. It consists predominantly of phenols having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C10 with a softening point of 60 oC to 80 oC (140 oF to 176 oF).] | 306-251-5 | 96690-55-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-120-00-8 | Tar acids, methylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acid rich in 3- and 4-methylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids.] | 284-892-9 | 84989-04-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-121-00-3 | Tar acids, polyalkylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar aicds, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids, having an approximate boiling range of 225 oC to 320 oC (437 oF to 608 oF). Composed primarily of polyalkylphenols.] | 284-893-4 | 84989-05-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-122-00-9 | Tar acids, xylenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acids, rich in 2,4- and 2,5-dimethylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids.] | 284-895-5 | 84989-06-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-123-00-4 | Tar acids, ethylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acids, rich in 3- and 4-ethylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar crude tar acids.] | 284-891-3 | 84989-03-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-124-00-X | Tar acids, 3,5-xylenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The fraction of tar acids, rich in 3,5-dimethylphenol, recovered by distillation of low-temperature coal tar acids.] | 284-896-0 | 84989-07-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-125-00-5 | Tar acids, residues, distillates, first-cut; Distillate Phenols; [The residue from the distillation in the range of 235 oC to 355 oC (481 oF to 697 oF) of light carbolic oil.] | 270-713-1 | 68477-23-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-126-00-0 | Tar acids, cresylic, residues; Distillate Phenols; [The residue from crude coal tar acids after removal of phenol, cresols, xylenols and any higher boiling phenols. A black solid with a melting point approximately 80 oC (176 oF). Composed primarily of polyalkyphenols, resin gums, and inorganic salts.] | 271-418-0 | 68555-24-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-127-00-6 | Phenols, C9-11; Distillate Phenols | 293-435-2 | 91079-47-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-128-00-1 | Tar acids, cresylic; Distillate Phenols; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained from brown coal and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 230 oC (392 oF to 446 oF). It contains chiefly phenols and pyridine bases.] | 295-540-9 | 92062-26-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-129-00-7 | Tar acids, brown-coal, C2-alkylphenol fraction; Distillate Phenols; [The distillate from the acidification of alkaline washed lignite tar distillate boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 230 oC (392 oF to 446 oF). Composed primarily of m- and p- ethylphenol as well as cresols and xylenols.] | 302-662-9 | 94114-29-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-130-00-2 | Extract oils (coal), naphthalene oils; Acid Extract; [The aqueous extract produced by an acidic wash of alkali-washed napthalene oil. Composed primarily of acid salts of various aromatic nitrogen bases including pyridine, quinoline and their alkyl derivatives.] | 292-623-1 | 90641-00-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-131-00-8 | Tar bases, quinoline derivs.; Distillate Bases | 271-020-7 | 68513-87-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-132-00-3 | Tar bases, coal, quinoline derivs. fraction; Distillate Bases | 274-560-1 | 70321-67-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-133-00-9 | Tar bases, coal, distn. residues; Distillate Bases; [The distillation residue remaining after the distillation of the neutralized, acid-extracted base-containing tar fractions obtained by the distillation of coal tars. It contains chiefly aniline, collidines, quinoline and quinoline derivatives and toluidines.] | 295-544-0 | 92062-29-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-134-00-4 | Hydrocarbon oils, arom., mixed with polyethylene and polypropylene, pyrolyzed, light oil fraction; Heat Treatment Products; [The oil obtained from the heat treatment of a polyethylene/polypropylene mixture with coal tar pitch or aromatic oils. It consists predominantly of benzene and its homologs boiling in a range of approximately 70 oC to 120 oC (158 oF to 248 oF).] | 309-745-9 | 100801-63-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-135-00-X | Hydrocarbon oils, arom., mixed with polyethylene, pyrolyzed, light oil fraction; Heat Treatment Products; [The oil obtained from the heat treatment of polyethylene with coal tar pitch or aromatic oils. It consists predominantly of benzene and its homologs boiling in a range of 70 oC to 120 oC (158 oF to 248 oF).] | 309-748-5 | 100801-65-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-136-00-5 | Hydrocarbon oils, arom., mixed with polystyrene, pyrolyzed, light oil fraction; Heat Treatment Products; [The oil obtained from the heat treatment of polystyrene with coal tar pitch or aromatic oils. It consists predominantly of benzene and its homologs boiling in a range of approximately 70 oC to 210 oC (158 oF to 410 oF).] | 309-749-0 | 100801-66-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-137-00-0 | Extract residues (coal), tar oil alk., naphthalene distn. residues; Naphthalene Oil Extract Residue; [The residue obtained from chemical oil extracted after the removal of naphthalene by distillation composed primarily of two to four membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons and aromatic nitrogen bases.] | 277-567-8 | 73665-18-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-138-00-6 | Creosote oil, low-boiling distillate; Wash Oil; [The low-boiling distillation fraction obtained from the high temperature carbonization of bituminous coal, which is further refined to remove excess crystalline salts. It consists primarily of creosote oil with some of the normal polynuclear aromatic salts, which are components of coal tar distillate, removed. It is crystal free at approximately 38 oC (100 oF).] | 274-566-4 | 70321-80-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-139-00-1 | Tar acids, cresylic, sodium salts, caustic solns.; Alkaline Extract | 272-361-4 | 68815-21-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-140-00-7 | Extract oils (coal), tar base; Acid Extract; [The extract from coal tar oil alkaline extract residue produced by an acidic wash such as aqueous sulfuric acid after distillatin to remove naphthalene. Composed primarily of the acid salts of various aromatic nitrogen bases including pyridine, quinoline, and their alkyl derivatives.] | 266-020-9 | 65996-86-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-141-00-2 | Tar bases, coal, crude; Crude Tar Bases; [The reaction product obtained by neutralizing coal tar base extract oil with an alkaline solution, such as aqueous sodium hydroxide, to obtain the free bases. Composed primarily of such organic bases as acridine, phenanthridine, pyridine, quinoline and their alkyl derivatives.] | 266-018-8 | 65996-84-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | HJM |
648-142-00-8 | Residues (coal), liq. solvent extn.; [A cohesive powder composed of coal mineral matter and undissolved coal remaining after extraction of coal by a liquid solvent.] | 302-681-2 | 94114-46-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-143-00-3 | Coal liquids, liq. solvent extn. soln.; [The product obtained by filtration of coal mineral matter and undissolved coal from coal extract solution produced by digesting coal in a liquid solvent. A black, viscous, highly complex liquid combination composed primarily of aromatic and partly hydro-genated aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic nitrogen compounds, aromatic sulfur compounds, phenolic and other aromatic oxygen compounds and their alkyl derivatives.] | 302-682-8 | 94114-47-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-144-00-9 | Coal liquids, liq. solvent extn.; [The substantially solvent-free product obtained by the distillation of the solvent from filtered coal extract solution produced by digesting coal in a liquid solvent. A black semi-solid, composed primarily of a complex combination of condensed-ring aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic nitrogen compounds, aromatic sulfur compounds, phenolic compounds and other aromatic oxygen compounds, and their alkyl derivatives.] | 302-683-3 | 94114-48-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H M |
648-145-00-4 | Tar brown-coal; [An oil distilled from brown-coal tar. Composed primarily of aliphatic, naphthenic and one- to three-ring aromatic hydrocarbons, their alkyl derivates, heteroaromatics and one- and two-ring phenols boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 360 oC (302 oF to 680 oF).] | 309-885-0 | 101316-83-0 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-146-00-X | Tar, brown-coal, low-temp.; [A tar obtained from low temperature carbonization and low temperature gasification of brown coal. Composed primarily of aliphatic, naphthenic and cyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, heteroaromatic hydrocarbons and cyclic phenols.] | 309-886-6 | 101316-84-1 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-147-00-5 | Light oil (coal), coke-oven; Crude benzole; [The volatile organic liquid extracted from the gas evolved in the high temperature (greater than 700 oC (1292 oF)) destructive distillation of coal. Composed primarily of benzene, toluene, and xylenes. May contain other minor hydrocarbon constituents.] | 266-012-5 | 65996-78-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-148-00-0 | Distillates (coal), liq. solvent extn., primary; [The liquid product of condensation of vapors emitted during the digestion of coal in a liquid solvent and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 300 oC (86 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of partly hydrogenated condensed-ring aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic compounds containing nitrogen, oxygen and sulfur, and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C14.] | 302-688-0 | 94114-52-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-149-00-6 | Distillates (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked; [Distillate obtained by hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction process and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 300 oC (86 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic, hydrogenated aromatic and naphthenic compounds, their alkyl derivatives and alkanes with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C14. Nitrogen, sulfur and oxygen-containing aromatic and hydrogenated aromatic compounds are also present.] | 302-689-6 | 94114-53-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-150-00-1 | Naphtha (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked; [Fraction of the distillate obtained by hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 180 oC (86 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic, hydrogenated aromatic and naphthenic compounds, their alkyl derivatives and alkanes with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 to C9. Nitrogen, sulfur and oxygen-containing aromatic and hydrogenated aromatic compounds are also present.] | 302-690-1 | 94114-54-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-151-00-7 | Gasoline, coal solvent extn., hydrocracked naphtha; [Motor fuel produced by the reforming of the refined naphtha fraction of the products of hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 180 oC (86 oF to 356 oF). Composed primarily of aromatic and naphthenic hydrocarbons, their alkyl derivatives and alkyl hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C9.] | 302-691-7 | 94114-55-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
648-152-00-2 | Distillates (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked middle; [Distillate obtained from the hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 300 oC (356 oF to 572 oF). Composed primarily of two-ring aromatic, hydrogenated aromatic and naphthenic compounds, their alkyl derivatives and alkanes having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C14. Nitrogen, sulfur and oxygen-containing compounds are also present.] | 302-692-2 | 94114-56-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-153-00-8 | Distillates (coal), solvent extn., hydrocracked hydrogenated middle; [Distillate from the hydrogenation of hydrocracked middle distillate from coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 280 oC (356 oF to 536 oF). Composed primarily of hydrogenated two- ring carbon compounds and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C14.] | 302-693-8 | 94114-57-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
648-154-00-3 | Fuels, jet aircraft, coal solvent extn., hydrocracked hydrogenated; [Jet engine fuel produced by hydrogenation of the middle distillate fraction of the products of hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 225 oC (356 oF to 473 oF). Composed primarily of hydrogenated two-ring hydrocarbons and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C12.] | 302-694-3 | 94114-58-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H |
648-155-00-9 | Fuels, diesel, coal solvent extn., hydrocracked hydrogenated; [Diesel engine fuel produced by the hydrogenation of the middle distillate fraction of the products of hydrocracking of coal extract or solution produced by the liquid solvent extraction or supercritical gas extraction processes and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 280 oC (392 oF to 536 oF). Composed primarily of hydrogenated two-ring hydrocarbons and their alkyl derivatives having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C14.] | 302-695-9 | 94114-59-7 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H |
648-156-00-4 | Light oil (coal), semi-coking process; Fresh oil; [The volatile organic liquid condensed from the gas evolved in the low temperature (less than 700 oC (1292 oF) destructive distillation of coal. Composed primarily of C6-10 hydrocarbons.] | 292-635-7 | 90641-11-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H J |
649-001-00-3 | Extracts (petroleum), light naphthenic distillate solvent | 265-102-1 | 64742-03-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-002-00-9 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillate solvent | 265-103-7 | 64742-04-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-003-00-4 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent | 265-104-2 | 64742-05-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-004-00-X | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent | 265-111-0 | 64742-11-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-005-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum gas oil solvent | 295-341-7 | 91995-78-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-006-00-0 | hydrocarbons C26-55, arom-rich | 307-753-7 | 97722-04-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-007-00-6 | fatty acids, tall-oil, reaction products with iminodiethanol and boric acid | 400-160-5 | — | Xi; R38 N; R51-53 | Xi; N R: 38-51/53 S: (2-)28-37-61 | | |
649-008-00-1 | Residues (petroleum), atm. tower; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-045-2 | 64741-45-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-009-00-7 | Gas oils (petroleum), heavy vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 600 oC (662 oF to 1112 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4-to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-058-3 | 64741-57-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-010-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 500 oC (500 oF to 932 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-063-0 | 64741-61-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-011-00-8 | Clarified oils (petroleum), catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-064-6 | 64741-62-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-012-00-3 | Residues (petroleum), hydrocracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the products of a hydrocracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF).] | 265-076-1 | 64741-75-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-013-00-9 | Residues (petroleum), thermal cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the product from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-081-9 | 64741-80-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-014-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy thermal cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C36 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 480 oC (500 oF to 896 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-082-4 | 64741-81-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-015-00-X | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrotreated vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 600 oC (446 oF to 1112 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-162-9 | 64742-59-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-016-00-5 | Residues (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized atmospheric tower; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating an atmospheric tower residuum with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst under conditions primarily to remove organic sulfur compounds. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-181-2 | 64742-78-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-017-00-0 | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 600 oC (662 oF to 1112 oC). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-189-6 | 64742-86-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-018-00-6 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the residual fraction from the distillation of the products of a steam cracking process (including steam cracking to produce ethylene). It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C14 and boiling above approximately 260 oC (500 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-193-8 | 64742-90-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-019-00-1 | Residues (petroleum), atmospheric; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C11 and boiling above approximately 200 oC (392 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4-to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-777-3 | 68333-22-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-020-00-7 | Clarified oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating catalytic cracked clarified oil with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4-to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-782-0 | 68333-26-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-021-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized intermediate catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating intermediate catalytic cracked distillates with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C30 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 450 oC (401 oF to 842 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of tricyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-783-6 | 68333-27-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-022-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy catalytic cracked; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of heavy catalytic cracked distillates with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 500 oC (500 oF to 932 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-784-1 | 68333-28-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-023-00-3 | Fuel oil, residues-straight-run gas oils, high-sulfur; Heavy Fuel oil | 270-674-0 | 68476-32-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-024-00-9 | Fuel oil, residual; Heavy Fuel oil; [The liquid product from various refinery streams, usually residues. The composition is complex and varies with the source of the crude oil.] | 270-675-6 | 68476-33-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-025-00-4 | Residues (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue distn.; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the distillation of catalytic reformer fractionator residue. It boils approximately above 399 oC (750 oF).] | 270-792-2 | 68478-13-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-026-00-X | Residues (petroleum), heavy coker gas oil and vacuum gas oil; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of heavy coker gas oil and vacuum gas oil. It predominantly consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C13 and boiling above approximately 230 oC (446 oF).] | 270-796-4 | 68478-17-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-027-00-5 | Residues (petroleum), heavy coker and light vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of heavy coker gas oil and light vacuum gas oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C13 and boiling above approximately 230 oC (446 oF).] | 270-983-0 | 68512-61-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-028-00-0 | Residues (petroleum), light vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the vacuum distillation of the residuum from the atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C13 and boiling above approximately 230 oC (446 oF).] | 270-984-6 | 68512-62-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-029-00-6 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked light; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the distillation of the products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers greater than C7 and boiling in the range of approximately 101 oC to 555 oC (214 oF to 1030 oF).] | 271-013-9 | 68513-69-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-030-00-1 | Fuel oil, No 6; Heavy Fuel oil; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 900 SUS at 37.7 oC (100 oF) to a maximum of 9000 SUS at 37.7 oC (100 oF).] | 271-384-7 | 68553-00-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-031-00-7 | Residues (petroleum), topping plant, low-sulfur; Heavy Fuel oil; [A low-sulfur complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the topping plant distillation of crude oil. It is the residuum after the straight-run gasoline cut, kerosene cut and gas oil cut have been removed.] | 271-763-7 | 68607-30-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-032-00-2 | Gas oils (petroleum), heavy atmospheric; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 121 oC to 510 oC (250 oF to 950 oF).] | 272-184-2 | 68783-08-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-033-00-8 | Residues (petroleum), coker scrubber, Condensed-ring-arom.-contg.; Heavy Fuel oil; [A very complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of vaccum residuum and the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20 and boiling above approximately 350 oC (662 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed rind aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 272-187-9 | 68783-13-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-034-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), petroleum residues vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from the atmospheric distillation of crude oil.] | 273-263-4 | 68955-27-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-035-00-9 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked, resinous; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the distillation of steam-cracked petroleum residues.] | 273-272-3 | 68955-36-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-036-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum, distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C14 through C42 and boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 545 oC (482 oF to 1013 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 274-683-0 | 70592-76-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-037-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), light vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C35 and boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 545 oC (482 oF to 1013 oF).] | 274-684-6 | 70592-77-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-038-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C50 and boiling in the range of approximately 270 oC to 600 oC (518 oF to 1112 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 274-685-1 | 70592-78-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-039-00-0 | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized coker heavy vacuum; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by hydrodesulfurization of heavy coker distillate stocks, It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range C18 to C44 and boiling in the range of approximately 304 oC to 548 oC (579 oF to 1018 oF). Likely to contain 5 % or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 285-555-9 | 85117-03-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-040-00-6 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked, distillates; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained during the production of refined petroleum tar by the distillation of steam cracked tar. It consists predominantly of aromatic and other hydrocarbons and organic sulfur compounds.] | 292-657-7 | 90669-75-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-041-00-1 | Residues (petroleum), vacuum, light; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex residuum from the vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C24 and boiling above approximately 390 oC (734 oF).] | 292-658-2 | 90669-76-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-042-00-7 | Fuel oil, heavy, high-sulfur; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of crude petroleum. It consists predominantly of aliphatic, aromatic and cycloaliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 295-396-7 | 92045-14-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-043-00-2 | Residues (petroleum), catalytic cracking; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from the distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C11 and boiling above approximately 200 oC (392 oF).] | 295-511-0 | 92061-97-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-044-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate catalytic cracked, thermally degraded; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process which has been used as a heat transfer fluid. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 220 oC to 450 oC (428 oF to 842 oF). This stream is likely to contain organic sulfur compounds.] | 295-990-6 | 92201-59-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-045-00-3 | Residual oils (petroleum); Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, sulfur compounds and metal-containing organic compounds obtained as the residue from refinery fractionation cracking processes. It produces a finished oil with a viscosity above 2cSt. at 100 oC.] | 298-754-0 | 93821-66-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-046-00-9 | Residues, steam cracked, thermally treated; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment and distillation of raw steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons boiling in the range above approximately 180 oC (356 oF).] | 308-733-0 | 98219-64-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-047-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range middle; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum stock with hydrogen. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 400 oC (302 oF to 752 oF).] | 309-863-0 | 101316-57-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-048-00-X | Residues (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator; Heavy Fuel oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced as the residual fraction from distillation of the product from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of predominantly aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 400 oC (320 oF to 725 oF). This stream is likely to contain 5 wt. % or more of 4- or 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-069-3 | 64741-67-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-049-00-5 | Petroleum; Crude oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, It consists predominantly of aliphatic, alicyclic and aromatic hydrocarbons. It may also contain small amounts of nitrogen, oxygen and sulfur compounds. This category encompasses light, medium, and heavy petroleums, as well as the oils extended from tar sands. Hydrocarbonaceous materials requiring major chemical changes for their recovery or conversion to petroleum refinery feedstocks such as crude shale oils; upgraded shale oils and liquid coal fuels are not included in this definition.] | 232-298-5 | 8002-05-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-050-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), light paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons normally present in this distillation range of crude oil.] | 265-051-5 | 64741-50-0 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-051-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-052-0 | 64741-51-1 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-052-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), light naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-053-6 | 64741-52-2 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-053-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by vacuum distillation of the residuum from atmospheric distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-054-1 | 64741-53-3 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-054-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated heavy naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-117-3 | 64742-18-3 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-055-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated light naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-118-9 | 64742-19-4 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-056-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated heavy paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of a least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-119-4 | 64742-20-7 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-057-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated light paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-121-5 | 64742-21-8 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-058-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized heavy paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of aliphatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-127-8 | 64742-27-4 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-059-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized light paraffinic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-128-3 | 64742-28-5 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-060-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized heavy naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-135-1 | 64742-34-3 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-061-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized light naphthenic; Unrefined or mildly refined baseoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS a 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-136-7 | 64742-35-4 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-062-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracked naphtha depropanizer overhead, C3-rich acid-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked hydrocarbons and treated to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C2 through C4, predominantly C3.] | 270-755-0 | 68477-73-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-063-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracker; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-756-6 | 68477-74-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-064-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracker, C1-5-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6, predominantly C1 through C5.] | 270-757-1 | 68477-75-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-065-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic polymd. naphtha stabilizer overhead, C2-4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of catalytic polymerized naphtha. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C2 through C6, predominantly C2 through C4.] | 270-758-7 | 68477-76-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-066-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic reformer, C1-4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6, predominantly C1 through C4.] | 270-760-8 | 68477-79-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-067-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), C3-5 olefinic-paraffinic alkylation feed; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of olefinic and paraffinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5 which are used as alkylation feed. Ambient temperatures normally exceed the critical temperature of these combinations.] | 270-765-5 | 68477-83-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-068-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), C4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a catalytic fractionation process. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly C4.] | 270-767-6 | 68477-85-0 | ⊗ ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-069-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), deethanizer overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from distillation of the gas and gasoline fractions from the catalytic cracking process. It contains predominantly ethane and ethylene.] | 270-768-1 | 68477-86-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-070-00-X | Gases (petroleum), deisobutanizer tower overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the atmospheric distillation of a butane-butylene stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C4.] | 270-769-7 | 68477-87-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-071-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), depropanizer dry, propene-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from the gas and gasoline fractions of a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of propylene with some ethane and propane.] | 270-772-3 | 68477-90-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-072-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), depropanizer overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from the gas and gasoline fractions of a catalytic cracking process. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 270-773-9 | 68477-91-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-073-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), gas recovery plant depropanizer overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation of miscellaneous hydrocarbon streams. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C4, predominantly propane.] | 270-777-0 | 68477-94-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-074-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), Girbatol unit feed; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons that is used as the feed into the Girbatol unit to remove hydrogen sulfide. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 270-778-6 | 68477-95-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-075-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), isomerized naphtha fractionator, C4-rich, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas | 270-782-8 | 68477-99-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-076-00-2 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked clarified oil and thermal cracked vacuum residue fractionation reflux drum; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked clarified oil and thermal cracked vacuum residue. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-802-5 | 68478-21-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-077-00-8 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked naphtha stabilization absorber; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the stabilization of catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-803-0 | 68478-22-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-078-00-3 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracker, catalytic reformer and hydrodesulfurizer combined fractionater; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of products from catalytic cracking, catalytic reforming and hydrodesulfurizing processes treated to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having cabon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-804-6 | 68478-24-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-079-00-9 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha fractionation stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 270-806-7 | 68478-26-2 | ⊗Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-080-00-4 | Tail gas (petroleum), saturate gas plant mixed stream, C4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of straight-run naphtha, distillation tail gas and catalytic reformed naphtha stabilizer tail gas. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C6, predominantly butane and isobutane.] | 270-813-5 | 68478-32-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-081-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), saturate gas recovery plant, C1-2-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of distillate tail gas, straight-run naphtha, catalytic reformed naphtha stabilizer tail gas. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1through C5, predominantly methane and ethane.] | 270-814-0 | 68478-33-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-082-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), vacuum residues thermal cracker; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the thermal cracking of vacuum residues. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-815-6 | 68478-34-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-083-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C3-4-rich, petroleum distillate; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation and condensation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly C3 through C4.] | 270-990-9 | 68512-91-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-084-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), full-range straight-run naphtha dehexanizer off; petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of the full-range straight-run naphtha. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 271-000-8 | 68513-15-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-085-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), hydrocracking depropanizer off, hydrocarbon-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbon produced by the distillation of products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4. It may also contain small amounts of hydrogen and hydrogen sulfide.] | 271-001-3 | 68513-16-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-086-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), light straight-run naphtha stabilizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the stabilization of light straight-run naphtha. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 271-002-9 | 68513-17-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-087-00-2 | Residues (petroleum), alkylation splitter, C4-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex residuum from the distillation of streams various refinery operations. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C5, predominantly butane and boiling in the range of approximately - 11.7 oC to 27.8 oC (11 oF to 82 oF).] | 271-010-2 | 68513-66-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-088-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C1-4; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons provided by thermal cracking and absorber operations and by distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 164 oC to minus 0.5 oC (-263 oF to 31 oF).] | 271-032-2 | 68514-31-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-089-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C1-4, sweetened; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting hydrocarbon gases to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately - 164 oC to - 0.5 oC (-263 oF to 31 oF).] | 271-038-5 | 68514-36-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-090-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C1-3; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 164 oC to minus 42 oC (-263 oF to - 44 oF).] | 271-259-7 | 68527-16-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-091-00-4 | Hydrocarbons, C1-4, debutanizer fraction; Petroleum gas | 271-261-8 | 68527-19-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-092-00-X | Gases (petroleum), C1-5, wet; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil and/or the cracking of tower gas oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 271-624-0 | 68602-83-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-093-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C2-4; Petroleum gas | 271-734-9 | 68606-25-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-094-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C3; Petroleum gas | 271-735-4 | 68606-26-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-095-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), alkylation feed; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the catalytic cracking of gas oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C4.] | 271-737-5 | 68606-27-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-096-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), depropanizer bottoms fractionation off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of depropanizer bottoms. It consists predominantly of butane, isobutane and butadiene.] | 271-742-2 | 68606-34-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-097-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), refinery blend; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination obtained from various processes. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-183-7 | 68783-07-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-098-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracking; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C5.] | 272-203-4 | 68783-64-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-099-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), C2-4, sweetened; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately - 51 oC to - 34 oC (-60 oF to - 30 oF).] | 272-205-5 | 68783-65-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-100-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), crude oil fractionation off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the fractionation of crude oil. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-871-7 | 68918-99-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-101-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), dehexanizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of combined naphtha streams. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-872-2 | 68919-00-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-102-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), light straight run gasoline fractionation stabilizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of light straight-run gasoline. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-878-5 | 68919-05-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-103-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), naphtha unifiner desulfurization stripper off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a naphtha unifiner desulfurization process and stripped from the naphtha product. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 272-879-0 | 68919-06-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-104-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), straight-run naphtha catalytic reforming off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha and fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 272-882-7 | 68919-09-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-105-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), fluidized catalytic cracker splitter overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the fractionation of the charge to the C3 -C4 splitter. It consists predominantly of C3 hydrocarbons.] | 272-893-7 | 68919-20-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-106-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), straight-run stabilizer off; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of the liquid from the first tower used in the distillation of crude oil. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 272-883-2 | 68919-10-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-107-00-X | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracked naphtha debutanizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 273-169-3 | 68952-76-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-108-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked distillate and naphtha stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of catalytic cracked naphtha and distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 273-170-9 | 68952-77-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-109-00-0 | Tail gas (petroleum), thermal-cracked distillate, gas oil and naphtha absorber; petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the separation of thermal-cracked distillates, naphtha and gas oil. It consists pedrominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 273-175-6 | 68952-81-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-110-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), thermal cracked hydrocarbon fractionation stabilizer, petroleum coking; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization of thermal cracked hydrocarbons from petroleum coking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 273-176-1 | 68952-82-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-111-00-1 | Gases (petroleum, light steam-cracked, butadiene conc.; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a thermal cracking process, It consists of hydrocarbons having a carbon number predominantly of C4.] | 273-265-5 | 68955-28-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-112-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), straight-run naphtha catalytic reformer stabilizer overhead; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha and the fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 273-270-2 | 68955-34-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-113-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C4; Petroleum gas | 289-339-5 | 87741-01-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-114-00-8 | Alkanes, C1-4, C3-rich; Petroleum gas | 292-456-4 | 90622-55-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-115-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), steam-cracker C3-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of propylene with some propane and boils in the range of approximately - 70 oC to 0 oC (-94 oF to 32 oF).] | 295-404-9 | 92045-22-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-116-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C4, steam-cracker distillate; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products of a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C4, predominantly 1-butene and 2-butene, containing also butane and isobutene and boiling in the range of approximately minus 12 oC to 5 oC (10.4 oF to 41 oF).] | 295-405-4 | 92045-23-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-117-00-4 | Petroleum gases, liquefied, sweetened, C4 fraction; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a liquified petroleum gas mix to a sweetening process to oxidize mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of C4 saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons.] | 295-463-0 | 92045-80-2 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | F+; T R: 12-45-46 S: 53-45 | | HKS |
649-118-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C4, 1,3-butadiene- and isobutene-free; Petroleum gas | 306-004-1 | 95465-89-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-119-00-5 | Raffinates (petroleum), steam-cracked C4 fraction cuprous ammonium acetate extn., C3-5 and C3-5 unsatd., butadiene-free; Petroleum gas | 307-769-4 | 97722-19-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-120-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), amine system feed; Refinery gas; [The feed gas to the amine system for removal of hydrogen sulfide. It consists of hydrogen. Carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5 may also be present.] | 270-746-1 | 68477-65-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-121-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), benzene unit hydrodesulfurizer off; Refinery gas; [Off gases produced by the benzene unit. It consists primarily of hydrogen. Carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6, including benzene, may also be present.] | 270-747-7 | 68477-66-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-122-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), benzene unit recycle, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by recycling the gases of the benzene unit. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-748-2 | 68477-67-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-123-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), blend oil, hydrogen-nitrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of a blend oil. It consists primarily of hydrogen and nitrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-749-8 | 68477-68-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-124-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha stripper overheads; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha. Its consists of hydrogen and saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 270-759-2 | 68477-77-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-125-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer recycle; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from catalytic reforming of C6-C8 feed and recycled to conserve hydrogen. It consists primarily of hydrogen. It may also contain various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-761-3 | 68477-80-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-126-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from catalytic reforming of C6-C8 feed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C5 and hydrogen.] | 270-762-9 | 68477-81-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-127-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer recycle, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas | 270-763-4 | 68477-82-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-128-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), C2-return stream; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the extraction of hydrogen from a gas stream which consists primarily of hydrogen with small amounts of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, methane, ethane, and ethylene. It contains predominantly hydrocarbons such as methane, ethane, and ethylene with small amounts of hydrogen, nitrogen and carbon monoxide.] | 270-766-0 | 68477-84-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-129-00-X | Gases (petroleum), dry sour, gas-concn.-unit-off; Refinery gas; [The complex combination of dry gases from a gas concentration unit. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 270-774-4 | 68477-92-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-130-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), gas concn. reabsorber distn.; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from combined gas streams in a gas concentration reabsorber. It consists predominantly of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C3.] | 270-776-5 | 68477-93-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-131-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), hydrogen absorber off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by absorbing hydrogen from a hydrogen rich stream. It consists of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, nitrogen, and methane with small amounts of C2 hydrocarbons.] | 270-779-1 | 68477-96-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-132-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination separated as a gas from hydrocarbon gases by chilling. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, nitrogen, methane, and C2 hydrocarbons.] | 270-780-7 | 68477-97-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-133-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), hydrotreater blend oil recycle, hydrogen-nitrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from recycled hydrotreated blend oil. It consists primarily of hydrogen and nitrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-781-2 | 68477-98-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-134-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), recycle, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from recycled reactor gases. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide, and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-783-3 | 68478-00-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-135-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), reformer make-up, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reformers. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-784-9 | 68478-01-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-136-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), reforming hydrotreater; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reforming hydrotreating process. It consists primarily of hydrogen, methane, and ethane with various small amounts of hydrogen sulfide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 thorugh C5.] | 270-785-4 | 68478-02-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-137-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), reforming hydrotreater, hydrogen-methane-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reforming hydrotreating process. It consists primarily of hydrogen and methane with various small amounts of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C5.] | 270-787-5 | 68478-03-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-138-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), reforming hydrotreater make-up, hydrogen-rich; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the reforming hydrotreating process. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of carbon monoxide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-788-0 | 68478-04-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-139-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), thermal cracking distn.; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by distillation of products from a thermal cracking process. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-789-6 | 68478-05-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-140-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracker refractionation absorber; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from refractionation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 270-805-1 | 68478-25-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-141-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the catalytic reforming of straight run naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-807-2 | 68478-27-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-142-00-0 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha stabilizer; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-808-8 | 68478-28-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-143-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), cracked distillate hydrotreater separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating cracked distillates with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 270-809-3 | 68478-29-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-144-00-1 | Tail gas (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized straight-run naphtha separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from hydrodesulfurization of straight-run naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 270-810-9 | 68478-30-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-145-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic reformed straight-run naphtha stabilizer overheads; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha followed by fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of hydrogen, methane, ethane and propane.] | 270-999-8 | 68513-14-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-146-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), reformer effluent high-pressure flash drum off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by the high-pressure flashing of the effluent from the reforming reactor. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 271-003-4 | 68513-18-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-147-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), reformer effluent low-pressure flash drum off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by low-pressure flashing of the effluent from the reforming reactor. It consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 271-005-5 | 68513-19-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-148-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), oil refinery gas distn. off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination separated by distillation of a gas stream containing hydrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C6 or obtained by cracking ethane and propane. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C2, hydrogen, nitrogen, and carbon monoxide.] | 271-258-1 | 68527-15-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-149-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), benzene unit hydrotreater depentanizer overheads; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by treating the feed from the benzene unit with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst followed by depentanizing. It consists primarily of hydrogen, ethane and propane with various small amounts of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6. It may contain trace amounts of benzene.] | 271-623-5 | 68602-82-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-150-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), secondary absorber off, fluidized catalytic cracker overheads fractionator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by the fractionation of the overhead products from the catalytic cracking process in the fluidized catalytic cracker. It consists of hydrogen, nitrogen, and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 271-625-6 | 68602-84-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-151-00-X | Petroleum products, refinery gases; Refinery gas; [A complex combination which consists primarily of hydrogen with various small amounts of methane, ethane, and propane.] | 271-750-6 | 68607-11-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-152-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), hydrocracking low-pressure separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the liquid-vapor separation of the hydrocracking process reactor effluent. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 272-182-1 | 68783-06-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-153-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), refinery; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from various petroleum refining operations. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 272-338-9 | 68814-67-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-154-00-6 | Gases (petroleum), platformer products separator off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the chemical reforming of naphthenes to aromatics. It consists of hydrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C4.] | 272-343-6 | 68814-90-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-155-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), hydrotreated sour kerosine depentanizer stabilizer off; Refinery gas; [The complex combination obtained from the depentanizer stabilization of hydrotreated kerosine. It consists primarily of hydrogen, methane, ethane, and propane with various small amounts of nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide, carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C5.] | 272-775-5 | 68911-58-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-156-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), hydrotreated sour kerosine flash drum; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the flash drum of the unit treating sour kerosine with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists primarily of hydrogen and methane with various small amounts of nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C5.] | 272-776-0 | 68911-59-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-157-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), distillate unifiner desulfurization stripper off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination stripped from the liquid product of the unifiner desulfurization process. It consists of hydrogen sulfide, methane, ethane, and propane.] | 272-873-8 | 68919-01-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-158-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), fluidized catalytic cracker fractionation off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by the fractionation of the overhead product of the fluidized catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, nitrogen, and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-874-3 | 68919-02-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-159-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), fluidized catalytic cracker scrubbing secondary absorber off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by scrubbing the overhead gas from the fluidized catalytic cracker. It consists of hydrogen, nitrogen, methane, ethane and propane.] | 272-875-9 | 68919-03-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-160-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), heavy distillate hydrotreater desulfurization stripper off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination stripped from the liquid product of the heavy distillate hydrotreater desulfurization process. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-876-4 | 68919-04-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-161-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), platformer stabilizer off, light ends fractionation; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the fractionation of the light ends of the platinum reactors of the plattformer unit. It consists of hydrogen, methane, ethane and propane.] | 272-880-6 | 68919-07-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-162-00-X | Gases (petroleum), preflash tower off, crude distn.; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced from the first tower used in the distillation of crude oil. It consists of nitrogen and saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-881-1 | 68919-08-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-163-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), tar stripper off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the fractionation of reduced crude oil. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 272-884-8 | 68919-11-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-164-00-0 | Gases (petroleum), unifiner stripper off; Refinery gas; [A combination of hydrogen and methane obtained by fractionation of the products from the unifiner unit.] | 272-885-3 | 68919-12-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-165-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic hydrodesulfurized naphtha separator; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the hydrodesulfurization of naphtha. It consists of hydrogen, methane, ethane, and propane.] | 273-173-5 | 68952-79-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-166-00-1 | Tail gas (petroleum), straight-run naphtha hydrodesulfurizer; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained from the hydrodesulfurization of straight-run naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 273-174-0 | 68952-80-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-167-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), sponge absorber off, fluidized catalytic cracker and gas oil desulfurizer overhead fractionation; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by the fractionation of products from the fluidized catalytic cracker and gas oil desulfurizer. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 273-269-7 | 68955-33-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-168-00-2 | Gases (petroleum), crude distn. and catalytic cracking; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by crude distillation and catalytic cracking processes. It consists of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, nitrogen, carbon monoxide and paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 273-563-5 | 68989-88-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-169-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), gas oil diethanolamine scrubber off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination produced by desulfurization of gas oils with diethanolamine. It consists predominantly of hydrogen sulfide, hydrogen and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C5.] | 295-397-2 | 92045-15-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-170-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), gas oil hydrodesulfurization effluent; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained by separation of the liquid phase from the effluent from the hydrogenation reaction. It consists predominantly of hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C3.] | 295-398-8 | 92045-16-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-171-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), gas oil hydrodesulfurization purge; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of gases obtained from the reformer and from the purges from the hydrogenation reactor. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 295-399-3 | 92045-17-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-172-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), hydrogenator effluent flash drum off; Refinery gas; [A complex combination of gases obtained from flash of the effluents after the hydrogenation reaction. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 295-400-7 | 92045-18-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-173-00-X | Gases (petroleum), naphtha steam cracking high-pressure residual; Refinery gas; [A complex combination obtained as a mixture of the non-condensable portions from the product of a naphtha steam cracking process as well as residual gases obtained during the preparation of subsequent products. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5 with which natural gas may also be mixed.] | 295-401-2 | 92045-19-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-174-00-5 | Gases (petroleum), residue visbaking off; Refinery gas; A complex combination obtained from viscosity reduction of residues in a furnace. It consists predominantly of hydrogen sulfide and paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 295-402-8 | 92045-20-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-175-00-0 | Foots oil (petroleum), acid-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of Foot's oil with sulfuric acid. It consists predominantly of branched-chain hydrocarbons with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 300-225-7 | 93924-31-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-176-00-6 | Foots oil (petroleum), clay-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of Foot's oil with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists predominantly of branched chain hydrocarbons with carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 300-226-2 | 93924-32-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-177-00-1 | Gases (petroleum), C3-4; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from the cracking of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C4, predominantly of propane and propylene, and boiling in the range of approximately - 51 oC to - 1 oC (-60 oF to 30 oF.)] | 268-629-5 | 68131-75-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-178-00-7 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic cracked distillate and catalytic cracked naphtha fractionation absorber; Petroleum gas; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from catalytic cracked distillates and catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-617-2 | 68307-98-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-179-00-2 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic polymn. naphtha fractionation stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the fractionation stabilization products from polymerization of naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-618-8 | 68307-99-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-180-00-8 | Tail gas (petroleum), catalytic reformed naphtha fractionation stabilizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation stabilization of catalytic reformed naphtha and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-619-3 | 68308-00-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-181-00-3 | Tail gas (petroleum), cracked distillate hydrotreater stripper; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating thermal cracked distillates with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 269-620-9 | 68308-01-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-182-00-9 | Tail gas (petroleum), straight-run distillate hydrodesulfurizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from catalytic hydrodesulfurization of straight run distillates and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-630-3 | 68308-10-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-183-00-4 | Tail gas (petroleum), gas oil catalytic cracking absorber; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of products from the catalytic cracking of gas oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-623-5 | 68308-03-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-184-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), gas recovery plant; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from miscellaneous hydrocarbon streams. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-624-0 | 68308-04-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-185-00-5 | Tail gas (petroleum), gas recovery plant deethanizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from miscellaneous hydrocarbon streams. It consists of hydrocarbon having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-625-6 | 68308-05-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-186-00-0 | Tail gas (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized distillate and hydrodesulfurized naphtha fractionator, acid-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of hydrodesulfurized naphtha and distillate hydrocarbon streams and treated to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-626-1 | 68308-06-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-187-00-6 | Tail gas (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized vacuum gas oil stripper, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from stripping stabilization of catalytic hydrodesulfurized vacuum gas oil and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 269-627-7 | 68308-07-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-188-00-1 | Tail gas (petroleum), light straight-run naphtha stabilizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation stabilization of light straight run naphtha and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 269-629-8 | 68308-09-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-189-00-7 | Tail gas (petroleum), propane-propylene alkylation feed prep deethanizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of the reaction products of propane with propylene. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-631-9 | 68308-11-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-190-00-2 | Tail gas (petroleum), vacuum gas oil hydrodesulfurizer, hydrogen sulfide-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from catalytic hydrodesulfurization of vacuum gas oil and from which hydrogen sulfide has been removed by amine treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C6.] | 269-632-4 | 68308-12-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-191-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic cracked overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from the catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C5 and boiling in the range of approximately - 48 oC to 32 oC (-54 oF to 90 oF).] | 270-071-2 | 68409-99-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-193-00-9 | Alkanes, C1-2; Petroleum gas | 270-651-5 | 68475-57-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-194-00-4 | Alkanes, C2-3; Petroleum gas | 270-652-0 | 68475-58-1 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-195-00-X | Alkanes, C3-4; Petroleum gas | 270-653-6 | 68475-59-2 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-196-00-5 | Alkanes, C4-5; Petroleum gas | 270-654-1 | 68475-60-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-197-00-0 | Fuel gases; Petroleum gas; [A combination of light gases. It consists predominantly of hydrogen and/or low molecular weight hydrocarbons.] | 270-667-2 | 68476-26-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-198-00-6 | Fuel gases, crude oil of distillates; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of light gases produced by distillation of crude oil and by catalytic reforming of naphtha. It consists of hydrogen and hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4 and boiling in the range of approximately - 217 oC to - 12 oC (- 423 oF to 10 oF).] | 270-670-9 | 68476-29-9 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-199-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C3-4; Petroleum gas | 270-681-9 | 68476-40-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-200-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C4-5; Petroleum gas | 270-682-4 | 68476-42-6 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-201-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C2-4, C3-rich; Petroleum gas | 270-689-2 | 68476-49-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-202-00-6 | Petroleum gases, liquefied; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately - 40 oC to 80 oC (- 40 oF to 176 oF).] | 270-704-2 | 68476-85-7 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | F+; T R: 12-45-46 S: 53-45 | | HKS |
649-203-00-1 | Petroleum gases, liquefied, sweetened; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting liquefied petroleum gas mix to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately - 40 oC to 80 oC (-40 oF to 176 oF).] | 270-705-8 | 68476-86-8 | F+; R12 Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | F+; T R: 12-45-46 S: 45-53 | | HKS |
649-204-00-7 | Gases (petroleum), C3-4, isobutane-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C6, predominantly butane and isobutane. It consists of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C4, predominantly isobutane.] | 270-724-1 | 68477-33-8 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-205-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), C3-6, piperylene-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of saturated and unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons usually ranging in the carbon numbers C3 through C6. It consists of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C6, predominantly piperylenes.] | 270-726-2 | 68477-35-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-206-00-8 | Gases (petroleum), butane splitter overheads; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of the butane stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C4.] | 270-750-3 | 68477-69-0 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-207-00-3 | Gases (petroleum), C2-; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic fractionation process. It contains predominantly ethane, ethylene, propane, and propylene.] | 270-751-9 | 68477-70-3 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-208-00-9 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic-cracked gas oil depropanizer bottoms, C4-rich acid-free; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from fractionation of catalytic cracked gas oil hydrocarbon stream and treated to remove hydrogen sulfide and other acidic components. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly C4.] | 270-752-4 | 68477-71-4 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-209-00-4 | Gases (petroleum), catalytic-cracked naphtha debutanizer bottoms, C3-5-rich; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the stabilization of catalytic cracked naphtha. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C5.] | 270-754-5 | 68477-72-5 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-210-00-X | Tail gas (petroleum), isomerized naphtha fractionation stabilizer; Petroleum gas; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation stabilization products from isomerized naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C4.] | 269-628-2 | 68308-08-7 | ⊗ Carc. Cat. 1; R45 Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | T R: 45-46 S: 53-45 | | H K |
649-211-00-5 | Foots oil (petroleum), carbon-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of Foots oil with activated carbon for the removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-126-0 | 97862-76-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-212-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), sweetened middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 345 oC (302 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-088-7 | 64741-86-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-213-00-6 | Gas oils (petroleum), solvent-refined; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-092-9 | 64741-90-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-214-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 345 oC (302 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-093-4 | 64741-91-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-215-00-7 | Gas oils (petroleum), acid-treated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 400 oC (446 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-112-6 | 64742-12-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-216-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 345 oC (401 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-113-1 | 64742-13-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-217-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), acid-treated light; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-114-7 | 64742-14-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-218-00-3 | Gas oils (petroleum), chemically neutralized; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 400 oC (446 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-129-9 | 64742-29-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-219-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 345 oC (401 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-130-4 | 64742-30-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-220-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay, usually in a percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 345 oC (302 oF to 653 oF).] | 265-139-3 | 64742-38-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-221-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-148-2 | 64742-46-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-222-00-5 | Gas oils (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 400 oC (446 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-182-8 | 64742-79-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-223-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 265-183-3 | 64742-80-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-224-00-6 | Fuels, diesel; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 163 oC to 357 oC (325 oF to 675 oF).] | 269-822-7 | 68334-30-5 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H N |
649-225-00-1 | Fuel oil, No 2; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 32,6 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF) to a maximum of 37,9 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF).] | 270-671-4 | 68476-30-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H |
649-226-00-7 | Fuel oil, No 4; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 45 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF) to a maximum of 125 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF).] | 270-673-5 | 68476-31-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H |
649-227-00-2 | Fuels, diesel, No 2; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate oil having a minimum viscosity of 32,6 SUS at 37,7 oC (100 oF).] | 270-676-1 | 68476-34-6 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H |
649-228-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue, high-boiling; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of catalytic reformer fracftionator residue. It boils in the range of approximately 343 oC to 399 oC (650 oF to 750 oF).] | 270-719-4 | 68477-29-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-229-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue, intermediate-boiling; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of catalytic reformer fractionator residue. It boils in the range of approximately 288 oC to 371 oC (550 oF to 700 oF).] | 270-721-5 | 68477-30-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-230-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformer fractionator residue, low-boiling; Gasoil — unspecified; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of catalytic reformer fractionator residue. It boils approximately below 288 oC (550 oF).] | 270-722-0 | 68477-31-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-231-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), highly refined middle; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the subjection of a petroleum fraction to several of the following steps: filtration, centrifugation, atmospheric distillation, vacuum distillation, acidification, neutralization and clay treatment. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C20.] | 292-615-8 | 90640-93-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-232-00-X | Distillates (petroleum) catalytic reformer, heavy arom. conc.; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of a catalytically reformed petroleum cut. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 300 oC (392 oF to 572 oF).] | 295-294-2 | 91995-34-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-233-00-5 | Gas oils, paraffinic; Gasoil — unspecified; [A distillate obtained from the redistillation of a complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the effluents from a severe catalytic hydrotreatment of paraffins. It boils in the range of approximately 190 oC to 330 oC (374 oF to 594 oF).] | 300-227-8 | 93924-33-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-234-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrodesulfurized heavy; Gasoil — unspecified | 307-035-3 | 97488-96-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-235-00-6 | Hydrocarbons, C16-20, hydrotreated middle distillate, distn. lights; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the treatment of a middle distillate with hydrogen. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 290 oC to 350 oC (554 oF to 662 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 2cSt at 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-659-6 | 97675-85-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-236-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C12-20, hydrotreated paraffinic, distn. lights; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the treatment of heavy paraffins with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 350 oC (446 oF to 662 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 2cSt at 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-660-1 | 97675-86-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-237-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C11-17, solvent-extd. light naphthenic; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by extraction of the aromatics from a light naphthenic distillate having a visciosity of 2.2 cSt at 40 oC (104 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C17 and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 300 oC (392 oF to 572 oF).] | 307-757-9 | 97722-08-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-238-00-2 | Gas oils, hydrotreated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the redistillation of the effluents from the treatment of paraffins with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 330 oC to 340 oC (626 oF to 644 oF).] | 308-128-1 | 97862-78-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-239-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), carbon-treated light paraffinic; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of a petroleum oil fraction with activated charcoal for the removal of traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C28.] | 309-667-5 | 100683-97-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-240-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate paraffinic, carbon-treated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C36.] | 309-668-0 | 100683-98-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-241-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate paraffinic, clay-treated; Gasoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum with bleaching earth for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C36.] | 309-669-6 | 100683-99-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-242-00-4 | Alkanes, C12-26-branched and linear | 292-454-3 | 90622-53-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-243-00-X | Lubricating greases; Grease; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C50. May contain organic salts of alkali metals, alkaline earth metals, and/or aluminium compounds.] | 278-011-7 | 74869-21-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-244-00-5 | Slack wax (petroleum); Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization (solvent dewaxing) or as a distillation fraction from a very waxy crude. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 265-165-5 | 64742-61-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-245-00-0 | Slack wax (petroleum), acid-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate by treatment of a petroleum slack wax fraction with sulfuric acid treating process. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 292-659-8 | 90669-77-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-246-00-6 | Slack wax (petroleum), clay-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of a petroleum slack wax fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 292-660-3 | 90669-78-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-247-00-1 | Slack wax (petroleum), hydrotreated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating slack wax with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 295-523-6 | 92062-09-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-248-00-7 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum fraction by solvent deparaffination. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-524-1 | 92062-10-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-249-00-2 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, hydrotreated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of low-melting petroleum slack wax with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 295-525-7 | 92062-11-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-250-00-8 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, carbon-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of low-melting slack wax with activated carbon for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-155-9 | 97863-04-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-251-00-3 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, clay-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of low-melting petroleum slack wax with bentonite for removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-156-4 | 97863-05-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-252-00-9 | Slack wax (petroleum), low-melting, silicic acid-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of low-melting petroleum slack wax with silicic acid for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated straight and branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-158-5 | 97863-06-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-253-00-4 | Slack wax (petroleum), carbon-treated; Slack wax; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of petroleum slack wax with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities.] | 309-723-9 | 100684-49-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-254-00-X | Petrolatum; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a semi-solid from dewaxing paraffinic residual oil. It consists predominantly of saturated crystalline and liquid hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25.] | 232-373-2 | 8009-03-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-255-00-5 | Petrolatum (petroleum), oxidized; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of organic compounds, predominantly high molecular weight carboxylic acids, obtained by the air oxidation of petrolatum.] | 265-206-7 | 64743-01-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-256-00-0 | Petrolatum (petroleum), alumina-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained when petrolatum is treated with Al2O3 to remove polar components and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated, crystalline, and liquid hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25.] | 285-098-5 | 85029-74-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-257-00-6 | Petrolatum (petroleum), hydrotreated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a semi-solid from dewaxed paraffinic residual oil treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated microcrystalline and liquid hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 295-459-9 | 92045-77-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-258-00-1 | Petrolatum (petroleum), carbon-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum petrolatum with activated carbon for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 308-149-6 | 97862-97-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-259-00-7 | Petrolatum (petroleum), silicic acid-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of petroleum petrolatum with silicic acid for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C20.] | 308-150-1 | 97862-98-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-260-00-2 | Petrolatum (petroleum), clay-treated; Petrolatum; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of petrolatum with bleaching earth for the removal of traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of greater than C25.] | 309-706-6 | 100684-33-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H N |
649-261-00-8 | Gasoline, natural; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated from natural gas by processes such as refrigeration or absorption. It consists predominantly of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 120 oC (-4 oF to 248 oF).] | 232-349-1 | 8006-61-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-262-00-3 | Naphtha; Low boiling point naphtha; [Refined, partly refined, or unrefined petroleum products by the distillation of natural gas. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 200 oC (212 oF to 392 oF).] | 232-443-2 | 8030-30-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-263-00-9 | Ligroine; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractional distillation of petroleum. This fraction boils in a range of approximately 20 oC to 135 oC (58 oF to 275 oF).] | 232-453-7 | 8032-32-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-264-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (149 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-041-0 | 64741-41-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-265-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 220 oC (-4 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-042-6 | 64741-42-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-266-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), light straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of crude oil. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 180 oC (-4 oF to 356 oF).] | 265-046-8 | 64741-46-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-267-00-0 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), light aliph.; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude oil or natural gasoline. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 160 oC (95 oF to 320 oF).] | 265-192-2 | 64742-89-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-268-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), straight-run light; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately - 88 oC to 99 oC (-127 oF to 210 oF).] | 270-077-5 | 68410-05-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-269-00-1 | Gasoline, vapor-recovery; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated from the gases from vapor recovery systems by cooling. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately - 20 oC to 196 oC (-4 oF to 384 oF).] | 271-025-4 | 68514-15-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-270-00-7 | Gasoline, straight-run, topping-plant; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the topping plant by the distillation of crude oil. It boils in the range of approximately 36,1 oC to 193,3 oC (97 oF to 380 oF).] | 271-727-0 | 68606-11-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-271-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), unsweetened; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the distillation of naphtha streams from various refinery processes. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 0 oC to 230 oC (25 oF to 446 oF).] | 272-186-3 | 68783-12-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-272-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), light straight-run gasoline fractionation stabilizer overheads; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6..] | 272-931-2 | 68921-08-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-273-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy straight run, arom.-contg.; Low boiling point naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a distillation process of crude petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 210 oC (266 oF to 410 oF).] | 309-945-6 | 101631-20-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-274-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range alkylate; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consist of predominantly branched chain saturated hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 220 oC (194 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-066-7 | 64741-64-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-275-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy alkylate; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 to C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 220 oC (302 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-067-2 | 64741-65-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-276-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), light alkylate; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C10 and boiling in the range of aproximately 90 oC to 160 oC (194 oF to 320 oF).] | 265-068-8 | 64741-66-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-277-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), isomerization; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from catalytic isomerization of straight chain paraffinic C4 through C6 hydrocarbons. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons such as isobutane, isopentane, 2,2-dimethylbutane, 2-methylpentane, and 3-methylpentane.] | 265-073-5 | 64741-70-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-278-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), solvent-refined light; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 190 oC (95 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-086-6 | 64741-84-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-279-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-095-5 | 64741-92-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-280-00-1 | Raffinates (petroleum), catalytic reformer ethylene glycol-water countercurrent exts.; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from the UDEX extraction process on the catalytic reformer stream. It consists of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C9.] | 270-088-5 | 68410-71-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-281-00-7 | Raffinates (petroleum), reformer, Lurgi unit-sepd.; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a Lurgi separation unit. It consists predominantly of non-aromatic hydrocarbons with various small amounts of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C8.] | 270-349-3 | 68425-35-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-282-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range alkylate, butane-contg.; Low boiling point modified naphta; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 with some butanes and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 200 oC (95 oF to 428 oF).] | 271-267-0 | 68527-27-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-283-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha steam cracking-derived, solvent-refined light hydrotreated; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinates from a solvent extraction process of hydrotreated light distillate from steam-cracked naphtha.] | 295-315-5 | 91995-53-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-284-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), C4-12 butane-alkylate, isooctane-rich; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by alkylation of butanes. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12, rich in isooctane, and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 210 oC (95 oF to 410 oF).] | 295-430-0 | 92045-49-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-285-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, hydrotreated light naphtha distillates, solvent-refined; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of hydrotreated naphtha followed by a solvent extraction and distillation process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 94 oC to 99 oC (201 oF to 210 oF).] | 295-436-3 | 92045-55-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-286-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), isomerization, C6-fraction; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of a gasoline which has been catalytically isomerized. It consists predominantly of hexane isomers boiling in the range of approximately 60 oC to 66 oC (140 oF to 151 oF).] | 295-440-5 | 92045-58-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-287-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C6-7, naphtha-cracking, solvent-refined; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the sorption of benzene from a catalytically fully hydrogenated benzene-rich hydrocarbon cut that was distillatively obtained from prehydrogenated cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of paraffinic and naphthenic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately 70 oC to 100 oC (158 oF to 212 oF).] | 295-446-8 | 92045-64-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-288-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C6-rich, hydrotreated light naphtha distillates, solvent-refined; Low boiling point modified naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of hydrotreated naphtha followed by solvent extraction. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 70 oC (149 oF to 158 oF).] | 309-871-4 | 101316-67-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-289-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy catalytic cracked; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (148 oF to 446 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of unsaturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-055-7 | 64741-54-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-290-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic cracked; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (-4 oF to 374 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of unsaturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-056-2 | 64741-55-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-291-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C3-11, catalytic cracker distillates; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillations of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C11 and boiling in a range approximately up to 204 oC (400 oF).] | 270-686-6 | 68476-46-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-292-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic cracked light distd.; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C1 through C5.] | 272-185-8 | 68783-09-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-293-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha steam cracking-derived, hydrotreated light arom.; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha.; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a light distillate from steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predom-inantly of aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 295-311-3 | 91995-50-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-294-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy catalytic cracked, sweetened; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a catalytic cracked petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 60 oC to 200 oC (140 oF to 392 oF).] | 295-431-6 | 92045-50-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-295-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic cracked sweetened; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting naphtha from a catalytic cracking process to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in a range of approxim-ately 35 oC to 210 oC (95 oF to 410 oF).] | 295-441-0 | 92045-59-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-296-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C8-12, catalytic-cracking, chem. neutralized; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of a cut from the catalytic cracking process, having undergone an alkaline washing. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 210 oC (266 oF to 410 oF).] | 295-794-0 | 92128-94-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-297-00-4 | Hydrocarbons, C8-12, catalytic cracker distillates; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists pre-dominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 140 oC to 210 oC (284 oF to 410 oF).] | 309-974-4 | 101794-97-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-298-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C8-12, catalytic cracking, chem. neutralized, sweetened; Low boiling point cat-cracked naphtha | 309-987-5 | 101896-28-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-299-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 190 oC (95 oF to 374 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of aromatic and branched chain hydrocarbons. This stream may contain 10 vol. % or more benzene.] | 265-065-1 | 64741-63-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-300-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy catalytic reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced from the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of predominantly aromatic hydrocarbons having numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-070-9 | 64741-68-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-301-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformed depentanizer; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists predominantly of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately - 49 oC to 63 oC - 57 oF to 145 oF).] | 270-660-4 | 68475-79-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-302-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C2-6, C6-8 catalytic reformer; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha | 270-687-1 | 68476-47-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-303-00-5 | Residues (petroleum), C6-8 catalytic reformer; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex residuum from the catalytic reforming of C6-8 feed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 270-794-3 | 68478-15-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-304-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light catalytic reformed, arom.-free; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 120 oC (95 oF to 248 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of branched chain hydrocarbons with the aromatic components removed.] | 270-993-5 | 68513-03-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-305-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformed straight-run naphtha overheads; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic reforming of straight-run naphtha followed by the fractionation of the total effluent. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 271-008-1 | 68513-63-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-306-00-1 | Petroleum products, hydrofiner-powerformer reformates; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained in a hydrofiner-powerformer process and boiling in a range of approximately 27 oC to 210 oC (80 oF to 410 oF).] | 271-058-4 | 68514-79-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-307-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum, full-range reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 230 oC (95 oF to 446 oF).] | 272-895-8 | 68919-37-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-308-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic reforming process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 220 oC (90 oF to 430 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of aromatic and branched chain hydrocarbons. This stream may contain 10 vol. % or more benzene.] | 273-271-8 | 68955-35-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-309-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic reformed hydrotreated light, C8-12 arom. fraction; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of alkylbenzenes obtained by the catalytic reforming of petroleum naphtha. It consists predominantly of alkylbenzenes having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 180 oC (320 oF to 356 oF).] | 285-509-8 | 85116-58-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-310-00-3 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8, catalytic reforming-derived; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha | 295-279-0 | 91995-18-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-311-00-9 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C7-12, C8-rich; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by separation from the platformate-containing fraction. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 (primarily C8) and can contain nonaromatic hydrocarbons, both boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 200 oC (266 oF to 392 oF).] | 297-401-8 | 93571-75-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-312-00-4 | Gasoline, C5-11, high-octane stabilized reformed; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex high octane combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic dehydrogenation of a predominantly naphthenic naphtha. It consists predominantly of aromatics and non-aromatics having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 45 oC to 185 oC (113 oF to 365 oF).] | 297-458-9 | 93572-29-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-313-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C7-12, C >9-arom.-rich, reforming heavy fraction; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by separation from the platformate-containing fraction. It consists predominantly of nonaromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 210 oC (248 oF to 380 oF) and C9 and higher aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 297-465-7 | 93572-35-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-314-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C5-11, nonaroms.-rich, reforming light fraction; Low boiling point cat-reformed naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by separation from the platformate-containing fraction. It consists predominantly of nonaromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 125 oC (94 oF to 257 oF), benzene and toluene.] | 297-466-2 | 93572-36-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-315-00-0 | Foots oil (petroleum), silicic acid-treated; Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of Foots oil with silicic acid for removal of trace constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of straight chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C12.] | 308-127-6 | 97862-77-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-316-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light thermal cracked; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 10 oC to 130 oC (14 oF to 266 oF).] | 265-075-6 | 64741-74-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-317-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy thermal cracked; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 220 oC (148 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-085-0 | 64741-83-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-318-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy arom.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from the thermal cracking of ethane and propane. This higher boiling fraction consists predominantly of C5-C7 aromatic hydrocarbons with some unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon number predominantly of C5. This stream may contain benzene.] | 267-563-4 | 67891-79-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-319-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), light arom.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from the thermal cracking of ethane and propane. This lower boiling fraction consists predominantly of C5-C7 aromatic hydrocarbons with some unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having a carbon number predominantly of C5. This stream may contain benzene.] | 267-565-5 | 67891-80-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-320-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha-raffinate pyrolyzate-derived, gasoline-blending; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [The complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the pyrolysis fractionation at 816 oC (1500 oF) of naphtha and raffinate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C9 and boiling at approximately 204 oC (400 oF).] | 270-344-6 | 68425-29-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-321-00-3 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C6-8, naphtha-raffinate pyrolyzate-derived; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation pyrolysis at 816 oC (1500 oF) of naphtha and raffinate. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C8, including benzene.] | 270-658-3 | 68475-70-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-322-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), thermal cracked naphtha and gas oil; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of thermally cracked naphtha and/or gas oil. It consists predominantly of olefinic hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C5 and boiling in the range of approximately 33 oC to 60 oC (91 oF to 140 oF).] | 271-631-9 | 68603-00-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-323-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), thermal cracked naphtha and gas oil, C5-dimer-contg.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the extractive distillation of thermal cracked naphtha and/or gas oil. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon number of C5 with some dimerized C5 olefins and boiling in the range of approximately 33 oC to 184 oC (91 oF to 363 oF).] | 271-632-4 | 68603-01-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-324-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), thermal cracked naphtha and gas oil, extractive; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the extractive distillation of thermal cracked naphtha and/or gas oil. It consists of paraffinic and olefinic hydrocarbons, predominantly isoamylenes such as 2-methyl-1-butene and 2-methyl-2-butene and boiling in the range of approximately 31 oC to 40 oC (88 oF to 104 oF).] | 271-634-5 | 68603-03-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-325-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), light thermal cracked, debutanized arom.; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons, primarily benzene.] | 273-266-0 | 68955-29-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-326-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light thermal cracked, sweetened; Low boiling point thermally cracked naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate from the high temperature thermal cracking of heavy oil fractions to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans. It consists predominantly of aromatics, olefins and saturated hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 20 oC to 100 oC (68 oF to 212 oF).] | 295-447-3 | 92045-65-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-327-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C13 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (149 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-150-3 | 64742-48-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-328-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-151-9 | 64742-49-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-329-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized light; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-178-6 | 64742-73-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-330-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-185-4 | 64742-82-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-331-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated middle, intermediate boiling; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of products from a middle distillate hydrotreating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 127 oC to 188 oC (262 oF to 370 oF).] | 270-092-7 | 68410-96-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-332-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), light distillate hydrotreating process, low-boiling; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of products from the light distillate hydrotreating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C9 and boiling in the range of approximately 3 oC to 194 oC (37 oF to 382 oF).] | 270-093-2 | 68410-97-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-333-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy naphtha, deisohexanizer overheads; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of the products from a heavy naphtha hydrotreating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately - 49 oC to 68 oC (- 57 oF to 155 oF).] | 270-094-8 | 68410-98-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-334-00-4 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), light arom., hydrotreated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 135 oC to 210 oC (275 oF to 410 oF).] | 270-988-8 | 68512-78-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-335-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized thermal cracked light; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation of hydrodesulfurized thermal cracker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 23 oC to 195 oC (73 oF to 383 oF).] | 285-511-9 | 85116-60-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-336-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light, cycloalkane-contg.; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of alkanes and cycloalkanes boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 285-512-4 | 85116-61-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-337-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy steam-cracked, hydrogenated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha | 295-432-1 | 92045-51-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-338-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic hydrodesulfurization process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 250 oC (86 oF to 482 oF).] | 295-433-7 | 92045-52-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-339-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light steam-cracked; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction, derived from a pyrolysis process, with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 190 oC (95 oF to 374 oF).] | 295-438-4 | 92045-57-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-340-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C4-12, naphtha-cracking, hydrotreated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation from the product of a naphtha steam cracking process and subsequent catalytic selective hydrogenation of gum formers. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 230 oC (86 oF to 446 oF).] | 295-443-1 | 92045-61-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-341-00-2 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrotreated light naphthenic; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of cycloparaffinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C7 and boiling in the range of approximately 73 oC to 85 oC (163 oF to 185 oF).] | 295-529-9 | 92062-15-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-342-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, hydrogenated; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex comination of hydrocarbons produced from the separation and subsequent hydrogenation of the products of a steam-cracking process to produce ethylene. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated paraffins, cyclic paraffins and cyclic aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 50 oC to 200 oC (122 oF to 392 oF). The proportion of benzene hydrocarbons may vary up to 30 wt. % and the stream may also contain small amounts of sulphur and oxygenated compounds.] | 296-942-7 | 93165-55-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-343-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C6-11, hydrotreated, dearomatized; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as solvents which have been subjected to hydrotreatment in order to convert aromatics to naphthenes by catalytic hydrogenation.] | 297-852-0 | 93763-33-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-344-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C9-12, hydrotreated, dearomatized; Low boiling point hydrogen treated naphtha; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as solvents which have been subjected to hydrotreatment in order to convert aromatics to naphthenes by catalytic hydrogenation.] | 297-853-6 | 93763-34-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-345-00-4 | Stoddard solvent; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A colourless, refined petroleum distillate that is free from rancid or objectionable odors and that boils in a range of approximately 300 oF to 400 oF.] | 232-489-3 | 8052-41-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-346-00-X | Natural gas condensates (petroleum); Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated as a liquid from natural gas in a surface separator by retrograde condensation. It consists mainly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 to C20. It is a liquid at atmospheric temperature and pressure.] | 265-047-3 | 64741-47-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R4 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-347-00-5 | Natural gas (petroleum), raw liq. mix; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated as a liquid from natural gas in a gas recycling plant by processes such as refrigeration or absorption. It consists mainly of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C2 through C8.] | 265-048-9 | 64741-48-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-348-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light hydrocracked; Low boiling naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C10, and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 180 oC (- 4 oF to 356 oF).] | 265-071-4 | 64741-69-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-349-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy hydrocracked; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12, and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (148 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-079-8 | 64741-78-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-350-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), sweetened; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum naphtha to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 10 oC to 230 oC (14 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-089-2 | 64741-87-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-351-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), acid-treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a raffinate from a sulfuric acid treating process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 230 oC (194 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-115-2 | 64742-15-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-352-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), chemically neutralized heavy; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 65 oC to 230 oC (149 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-122-0 | 64742-22-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-353-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), chemically neutralized light; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF).] | 265-123-6 | 64742-23-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-354-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the catalytic dewaxing of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 230 oC (95 oF to 446 oF).] | 265-170-2 | 64742-66-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-355-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately minus 20 oC to 190 oC (- 4 oF to 374 oF). This stream is likely to contain 10 vol.% or more benzene.] | 265-187-5 | 64742-83-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-356-00-4 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), light arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from distillation of aromatic streams. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 135 oC to 210 oC (275 oF to 410 oF).] | 265-199-0 | 64742-95-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-357-00-X | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C6-10, acid-treated, neutralized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 268-618-5 | 68131-49-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-358-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), C3-5, 2-methyl-2-butene-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5, predominantly isopentane and 3-methyl-1-butene. It consists of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C5, predominantly 2-methyl-2-butene.] | 270-725-7 | 68477-34-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-359-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), polymd. steam-cracked petroleum distillates, C5-12 fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of polymerized steam-cracked petroleum distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12.] | 270-735-1 | 68477-50-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-360-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C5-12 fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained by the distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C12.] | 270-736-7 | 68477-53-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-361-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C5-10 fraction, mixed with light steam-cracked petroleum naphtha C5 fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 270-738-8 | 68477-55-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-362-00-7 | Extracts (petroleum), cold-acid, C4-6; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of organic compounds produced by cold acid unit extraction of saturated and unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C6, predominantly pentanes and amylenes. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C6, predominantly C5.] | 270-741-4 | 68477-61-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-363-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), depentanizer overheads; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic cracked gas stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6.] | 270-771-8 | 68477-89-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-364-00-8 | Residues (petroleum), butane splitter bottoms; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex residuum from the distillation of butane stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4through C6.] | 270-791-7 | 68478-12-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-365-00-3 | Residual oils (petroleum), deisobutanizer tower; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex residuum from the atmospheric distillation of the butane-butylene stream. It consists of aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6.] | 270-795-9 | 68478-16-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-366-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), full-range coker; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a fluid coker. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C15 and boiling in the range of approximately 43 oC to 250 oC (110 oF to 500 oF).] | 270-991-4 | 68513-02-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-367-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), steam-cracked middle arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 220 oC (266 oF to 428 oF).] | 271-138-9 | 68516-20-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-368-00-X | Naphtha (petroleum), clay-treated full-range straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of full-range straight-run naphtha with natural or modified clay, usually in a percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately - 20 oC to 220 oC (- 4 oF to 429 oF).] | 271-262-3 | 68527-21-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-369-00-5 | Naphtha (petroleum), clay-treated light straight-run; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of light straight-run naphtha with a natural or modified clay, usually in a percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities, present. It consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 93 oC to 180 oC (200 oF to 356 oF.] | 271-263-9 | 68527-22-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-370-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C9 and boiling in the range of approximately 110 oC to 165 oC (230 oF to 329 oF).] | 271-264-4 | 68527-23-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-371-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, debenzenized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of products from a steam-cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 218 oC (176 oF to 424 oF).] | 271-266-5 | 68527-26-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-372-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), arom.-contg.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 271-635-0 | 68603-08-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-373-00-7 | Gasoline, pyrolysis, debutanizer bottoms; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the fractionation of depropanizer bottoms. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C5.] | 271-726-5 | 68606-10-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-374-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), light, sweetened; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of saturated and unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C3 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately - 20 oC to 100 oC (- 4 oF to 212 oF).] | 272-206-0 | 68783-66-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-375-00-8 | Natural gas condensates; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons separated and/or condensed from natural gas during transportation and collected at the wellhead and/or from the production, gathering, transmission, and distribution pipelines in deeps, scrubbers, etc. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C8.] | 272-896-3 | 68919-39-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H J |
649-376-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), naphtha unifiner stripper; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by stripping the products from the naphtha unifiner. It consists of saturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C2 through C6.] | 272-932-8 | 68921-09-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-377-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic reformed light, arom.-free fraction; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons remaining after removal of aromatic compounds from catalytic reformed light naphtha in a selective absorption process. It consists predominantly of paraffinic and cyclic compounds having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 66 oC to 121 oC (151 oF to 250 oF).] | 285-510-3 | 85116-59-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-378-00-4 | Gasoline; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons consisting primarily of paraffins, cycloparaffins, aromatic and olefinic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C3 and boiling in the range of 30 oC to 260 oC (86 oF to 500 oF).] | 289-220-8 | 86290-81-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-379-00-X | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C7-8, dealkylation products, distn. residues; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 292-698-0 | 90989-42-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-380-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C4-6, depentanizer lights, arom. hydrotreater; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the depentanizer column before hydrotreatment of the aromatic charges. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6, predominantly pentanes and pentenes, and boiling in the range of approximately 25 oC to 40 oC (77 oF to 104 oF).] | 295-298-4 | 91995-38-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-381-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), heat-soaked steam-cracked naphtha, C5-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of heat-soaked steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C4 through C6, predominantly C5.] | 295-302-4 | 91995-41-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-382-00-6 | Extracts (petroleum), catalytic reformed light naphtha solvent; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from the solvent extraction of a catalytically reformed petroleum cut. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 200 oC (212 oF to 392 oF).] | 295-331-2 | 91995-68-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-383-00-1 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized light, dearomatized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of hydrodesulfurized and dearomatized light petroleum fractions. It consists predominantly of C7 paraffins and cycloparaffins boiling in a range of approximately 90 oC to 100 oC (194 oF to 212 oF).] | 295-434-2 | 92045-53-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-384-00-7 | Naphtha (petroleum), light, C5-rich, sweetened; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum naphtha to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C5, predominantly C5, and boiling in the range of approximately minus 10 oC to 35 oC (14 oF to 95 oF).] | 295-442-6 | 92045-60-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-385-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C8-11, naphtha-cracking, toluene cut; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation from prehydrogenated cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 130 oC to 205 oC (266 oF to 401 oF).] | 295-444-7 | 92045-62-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-386-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C4-11, naphtha-cracking, arom.-free; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from prehydrogenated cracked naphtha after distillative separation of benzene- and toluene-containing hydrocarbon cuts and a higher boiling fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range C4 through C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 205 oC (86 oF to 401 oF).] | 295-445-2 | 92045-63-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-387-00-3 | Naphtha (petroleum), light heat-soaked, steam-cracked; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the fractionation of steam cracked naphtha after recovery from a heat soaking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having a carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C4 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately 0 oC to 80 oC (32 oF to 176 oF.] | 296-028-8 | 92201-97-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-388-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), C6-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of a petroleum feedstock. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers of C5 through C7, rich in C6, and boiling in the range of approximately 60 oC to 70 oC (140 oF to 158 oF).] | 296-903-4 | 93165-19-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-389-00-4 | Gasoline, pyrolysis, hydrogenated; Low boiling point naphtha-unspecified; [A distillation fraction from the hydrogenation of pyrolysis gasoline boiling in the range of approximately 20 oC to 200 oC (68 oF to 392 oF).] | 302-639-3 | 94114-03-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-390-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C8-12 fraction, polymd., distn. lights; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of the polymerized C8 through C12 fraction from steam-cracked petroleum distillates. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C12.] | 305-750-5 | 95009-23-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-391-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum) heavy naphtha solvent, clay-treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of heavy naphthic solvent petroleum extract with bleaching earth. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C18 and boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 180 oC (175 oF to 356 oF).] | 308-261-5 | 97926-43-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-392-00-0 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, debenzenized, thermally treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment and distillation of debenzenized light steam-cracked petroleum naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 95 oC to 200 oC (203 oF to 392 oF).] | 308-713-1 | 98219-46-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-393-00-6 | Naphtha (petroleum), light steam-cracked, thermally treated; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment and distillation of light steam-cracked petroleum naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C6 and boiling in the range of approximately 35 oC to 80 oC (95 oF to 176 oF).] | 308-714-7 | 98219-47-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-394-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), C7-9, C8-rich, hydrodesulfurized dearomatized; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of petroleum light fraction, hydrodesulfurized and dearomatized. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C7 through C9, predominantly C8 paraffins and cycloparaffins, boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 130 oC (248 oF to 266 oF).] | 309-862-5 | 101316-56-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-395-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C6-8, hydrogenated sorption-dearomatized, toluene raffination; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained during the sorptions of toluene from a hydrocarbon fraction from cracked gasoline treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 80 oC to 135 oC (176 oF to 275 oF).] | 309-870-9 | 101316-66-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-396-00-2 | Naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range coker; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized coker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 to C11 and boiling in the range of approximately 23 oC to 196 oC (73 oF to 385 oF).] | 309-879-8 | 101316-76-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-397-00-8 | Naphtha (petroleum), sweetened light; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum naphtha to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C5 through C8 and boiling in the range of approximately 20 oC to 130 oC (68 oF to 266 oF).] | 309-976-5 | 101795-01-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-398-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C3-6, C5-rich, steam-cracked naphtha; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C3 through C6, predominantly C5.] | 310-012-0 | 102110-14-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-399-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C5-rich, dicyclopentadiene-contg.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of the products from a stream-cracking process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers of C5 and dicyclopentadiene and boiling in the range of approximately 30 oC to 170 oC (86 oF to 338 oF).] | 310-013-6 | 102110-15-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-400-00-2 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked light, arom.; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the products of steam cracking or similar processes after taking off the very light products resulting in a residue starting with hydrocarbons having carbon numbers greater than C5. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers greater than C5 and boiling above approximately 40 oC (104 oF).] | 310-057-6 | 102110-55-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-401-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C ≥ 5, C5-6-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 270-690-8 | 68476-50-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-402-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C5-rich; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 270-695-5 | 68476-55-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-403-00-9 | Aromatic hydrocarbons, C8-10; Low boiling point naphtha — unspecified | 292-695-4 | 90989-39-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 Xn; R65 | T R: 45-65 S: 53-45 | | H P |
649-404-00-4 | Kerosine (petroleum); Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of crude oil. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (320 oF to 554 oF).] | 232-366-4 | 8008-20-6 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-405-00-X | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), medium aliph.; Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude oil or natural gasoline. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 140 oC to 220 oC (284 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-191-7 | 64742-88-7 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-406-00-5 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum) heavy aliph.; Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of crude oil or natural gasoline. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 190 oC to 290 oC (374 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-200-4 | 64742-96-7 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-407-00-0 | Kerosine (petroleum), straight-run wide-cut; Straight run kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a wide cut hydrocarbon fuel cut from atmospheric distillation and boiling in the range of approximately 70 oC to 220 oC (158 oF to 428 oF).] | 295-418-5 | 92045-37-9 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-408-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 290 oC (190 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-194-3 | 64742-91-2 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-409-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), cracked stripped steam-cracked petroleum distillates, C8-10 fraction; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distilling cracked stripped steam-cracked distillates. It consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers in the range of C8 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 129 oC to 194 oC (264 oF to 382 oF).] | 270-728-3 | 68477-39-4 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-410-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), cracked stripped steam-cracked petroleum distillates, C10-12 fraction; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distilling cracked stripped steam-cracked distillates. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C10 through C12.] | 270-729-9 | 68477-40-7 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-411-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked, C8-12 fraction; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of organic compounds obtained by the distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C12.] | 270-737-2 | 68477-54-3 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-412-00-8 | Kerosine (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized thermal cracked; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized thermal cracker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons predominantly in the range of C8 to C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 283 oC (284 oF to 541 oF).] | 285-507-7 | 85116-55-8 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-413-00-3 | Aromtic hydrocarbons, C≥10, steam-cracking, hydrotreated; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 320 oC (302 oF to 608 oF).] | 292-621-0 | 90640-98-5 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-414-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), steam-cracked, hydrotreated, C9-10-arom.-rich; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of the products from a steam cracking process thereafter treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C9 through C10 and boiling in the range of approximately 140 oC to 200 oC (284 oF to 392 oF).] | 292-637-8 | 90641-13-7 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-415-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), thermal-cracked, alkylarom. hydrocarbon-rich; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of thermal-cracking heavy tars. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 250 oC (212 oF to 482 oF.] | 309-866-7 | 101316-61-4 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-416-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), catalytic cracked heavy tar light; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of catalytic cracking heavy tars. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 250 oC (212 oF to 482 oF).] | 309-938-8 | 101631-13-4 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-417-00-5 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrocracked heavy arom.; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the distillation of hydrocracked petroleum distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 235 oC to 290 oC (455 oF to 554 oF).] | 309-881-9 | 101316-80-7 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-418-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), steam-cracked heavy tar light; Cracked kerosine; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of steam cracking heavy tars. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 100 oC to 250 oC (212 oF to 482 oF).] | 309-940-9 | 101631-15-6 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-419-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), alkylate; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the reaction products of isobutane with monoolefinic hydrocarbons usually ranging in carbon numbers from C3 through C5. It consists of predominantly branched chain saturated hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C17 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 320 oC (401 oF to 608 oF).] | 265-074-0 | 64741-73-7 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-420-00-1 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphtha solvent; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C7 through C12 and boiling in the range of approximately 90 oC to 220 oC (194 oF to 428 oF).] | 265-099-7 | 64741-98-6 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-421-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), chemically neutralized light; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by a treating process to remove acidic materials. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-132-5 | 64742-31-0 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-422-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated light; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-149-8 | 64742-47-8 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-423-00-8 | Kerosine (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 290 oC (302 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-184-9 | 64742-81-0 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-424-00-3 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), heavy arom.; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from distillation of aromatic streams. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 165 oC to 290 oC (330 oF to 554 oF).] | 265-198-5 | 64742-94-5 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-425-00-9 | Naphtha (petroleum), heavy coker; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of products from a fluid coker. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C6 through C15 and boiling in the range of approximately 157 oC to 288 oC (315 oF to 550 oF).] | 269-778-9 | 68333-23-3 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-426-00-4 | Naphtha (petroleum), catalytic reformed hydrodesulfurized heavy, arom. fraction; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by fractionation from catalytically reformed hydrodesulfurized naphtha. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominently in the range of C7 to C 13 and boiling in the range of approximately 98 oC to 218 oC (208 oF to 424 oF).] | 285-508-2 | 85116-57-0 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-427-00-X | Kerosine (petroleum), sweetened; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by subjecting a petroleum distillate to a sweetening process to convert mercaptans or to remove acidic impurities. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C16 and boiling in the range of 130 oC to 290 oC (266 oF to 554 oF).] | 294-799-5 | 91770-15-9 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-428-00-5 | Kerosine (petroleum), solvent-refined sweetened; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by solvent refining and sweetening and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 260 oC (302 oF to 500 oF).] | 295-416-4 | 92045-36-8 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-429-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C9-16, hydrotreated, dearomatized; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as solvents which have been subjected to hydrotreatment in order to convert aromatics to naphthenes by catalytic hydrogenation.] | 297-854-1 | 93763-35-0 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-430-00-6 | Kerosine (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrodesulfurized; Kerosine — unspecified | 307-033-2 | 97488-94-3 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-431-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized full-range middle coker; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized coker distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C8 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 120 oC to 283 oC (248 oF to 541 oF).] | 309-864-6 | 101316-58-9 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-432-00-7 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized heavy arom.; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic hydrodesulfurization of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C13 and boiling in the range of approximately 180 oC to 240 oC (356 oF to 464 oF).] | 309-882-4 | 101316-81-8 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-433-00-2 | Solvent naphtha (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized medium; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the catalytic hydrodesulfurization of a petroleum fraction. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C13 and boiling in the range of approximately 175 oC to 220 oC (347 oF to 428 oF).] | 309-884-5 | 101316-82-9 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-434-00-8 | Kerosine (petroleum), hydrotreated; Kerosine — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from the distillation of petroleum and subsequent hydrotreatment. It consists predominantly of alkanes, cycloalkanes and alkylbenzenes having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C16 and boiling in the range of approximately 230 oC to 270 oC (446 oF to 518 oF).] | 309-944-0 | 101631-19-0 | Xn; R65 | Xn R: 65 S: (2-)23-24-62 | | H |
649-435-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), light catalytic cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 400 oC (302 oF to 752 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of bicyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-060-4 | 64741-59-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-436-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), intermediate catalytic cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 through C30 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 450 oC (401 oF to 842 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of tricyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 265-062-5 | 64741-60-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-437-00-4 | Distillates (petroleum), light hydrocracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C18 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 320 oC (320 oF to 608 oF).] | 265-078-2 | 64741-77-1 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H |
649-438-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), light thermal cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from a thermal cracking process. It consists predominantly of unsaturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C22 and boiling in the range of approximately 160 oC to 370 oC (320 oF to 698 oF).] | 265-084-5 | 64741-82-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-439-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized light catalytic cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light catalytic cracked distillates with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C9 through C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 400 oC (302 oF to 752 oF). It contains a relatively large proportion of bicyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 269-781-5 | 68333-25-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-440-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), light steam-cracked naphtha; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the multiple distillation of products from a steam cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C10 through C18.] | 270-662-5 | 68475-80-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-441-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), cracked steam-cracked petroleum distillates; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distilling cracked steam cracked distillate and/or its fractionation products. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominently in the range of C10 to low molecular weight polymers.] | 270-727-8 | 68477-38-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-442-00-1 | Gas oils (petroleum), steam-cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by distillation of the products from a steam cracking process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C9 and boiling in the range of from approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (400 oF to 752 oF).] | 271-260-2 | 68527-18-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-443-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized thermal cracked middle; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by fractionation from hydrodesulfurized themal cracker distillate stocks. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C11 to C25 and boiling in the range of approximately 205 oC to 400 oC (401 oF to 752 oF).] | 285-505-6 | 85116-53-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-444-00-2 | Gas oils (petroleum), thermal-cracked, hydrodesulfurized; Cracked gasoil | 295-411-7 | 92045-29-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-445-00-8 | Residues (petroleum), hydrogenated steam-cracked naphtha; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a residual fraction from the distillation of hydrotreated steam-cracked naphtha. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 350 oC (32 oF to 662 oF).] | 295-514-7 | 92062-00-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-446-00-3 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked naphtha distn.; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a column bottom from the separation of effluents from steam cracking naphtha at a high temperature. It boils in the range of approximately 147 oC to 300 oC (297 oF to 572 oF) and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 18cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-517-3 | 92062-04-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-447-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), light catalytic cracked, thermally degraded; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by the distillation of products from a catalytic cracking process which has been used as a heat transfer fluid. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 190 oC to 340 oC (374 oF to 644 oF). This stream is likely to contain organic sulfur compounds.] | 295-991-1 | 92201-60-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-448-00-4 | Residues (petroleum), steam-cracked heat-soaked naphtha; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as residue from the distillation of steam cracked heat soaked naphtha and boiling in the range of approximately 150 oC to 350 oC (302 oF to 662 oF).] | 297-905-8 | 93763-85-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-449-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C16-20, solvent-dewaxed hydrocracked paraffinic distn. residue; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent dewaxing of a distillation residue from a hydrocracked paraffinic distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 360 oC to 500 oC (680 oF to 932 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 4,5 cSt at approximately 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-662-2 | 97675-88-2 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | H |
649-450-00-5 | Gas oils (petroleum), light vacuum, thermal-cracked hydrodesulfurized; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by catalytic dehydrosulfurization of thermal-cracked light vacuum petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C14 through C20 and boiling in the range of approximately 270 oC to 370 oC (518 oF to 698 oF).] | 308-278-8 | 97926-59-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-451-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrodesulfurized middle coker; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons by fractionation from hydrodesulfurised coker distillate stocks. Is consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C21 and boiling in the range of approximately 200 oC to 360 oC (392 oF to 680 oF).] | 309-865-1 | 101316-59-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-452-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy steam-cracked; Cracked gasoil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by distillation of steam cracking heavy residues. It consists predominantly of highly alkylated heavy aromatic hydrocarbons boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 400 oC (482 oF to 752 oF).] | 309-939-3 | 101631-14-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H |
649-453-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), heavy hydrocracked; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons from the distillation of the products from a hydrocracking process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range of C15-C39 and boiling in the range of approximately 260 oC to 600 oC (500 oF to 1112 oF).] | 265-077-7 | 64741-76-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-454-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-090-8 | 64741-88-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-455-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-091-3 | 64741-89-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-456-00-8 | Residual oils (petroleum), solvent deasphalted; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the solvent soluble fraction from C3-C4 solvent deasphalting of a residuum. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-096-0 | 64741-95-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-457-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt a 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-097-6 | 64741-96-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-458-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the raffinate from a solvent extraction process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-098-1 | 64741-97-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-459-00-4 | Residual oils (petroleum,) solvent-refined; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination by hydrocarbons obtained as the solvent insoluble fraction from solvent refining of a residuum using a polar organic solvent such as phenol or furfural. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-101-6 | 64742-01-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-460-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-137-2 | 64742-36-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-461-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-138-8 | 64742-37-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-462-00-0 | Residual oils (petroleum), clay-treated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of a residual oil with a natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydro-carbons having carbon numbers predominantly higher than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-143-5 | 64742-41-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-463-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-146-1 | 64742-44-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-464-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), clay-treated light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-147-7 | 64742-45-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-465-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-155-0 | 64742-52-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-466-00-2 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-156-6 | 64742-53-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-467-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated heavy paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-157-1 | 64742-54-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-468-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrotreated light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 265-158-7 | 64742-55-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-469-00-9 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex comination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-159-2 | 64742-56-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-470-00-4 | Residual oils (petroleum), hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-160-8 | 64742-57-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-471-00-X | Residual oils (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of long, branched chain hydrocarbons from a residual oil by solvent crystallization. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25 and boiling above approximately 400 oC (752 oF).] | 265-166-0 | 64742-62-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-472-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed heavy naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 . through C50 and produces a finished oil of not less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-167-6 | 64742-63-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-473-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-168-1 | 64742-64-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-474-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed heavy paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removal of normal paraffins from a petroleum fraction by solvent crystallization. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity not less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-169-7 | 64742-65-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-475-00-1 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-172-3 | 64742-68-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-476-00-7 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-173-9 | 64742-69-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-477-00-2 | Paraffin oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-174-4 | 64742-70-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-478-00-8 | Paraffin oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewxing process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC).] | 265-176-5 | 64742-71-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-479-00-3 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), complex dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by removing straight chain paraffin hydrocarbons as a solid by treatment with an agent such as urea. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of at least 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-179-1 | 64742-75-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-480-00-9 | Naphthenic oils (petroleum), complex dewaxed light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a catalytic dewaxing process. It consists of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 265-180-7 | 64742-76-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-481-00-4 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C20-50, hydrotreated neutral oil-based, high-viscosity; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light vacuum gas oil, heavy vacuum gas oil, and solvent deasphalted residual oil with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst in a two stage process with dewaxing being carried out between the two stages. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of approximately 112cSt at 40 oC. It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 276-736-3 | 72623-85-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-482-00-X | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C15-30, hydrotreated neutral oil-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light vacuum gas oil and heavy vacuum gas oil with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst in a two stage process with dewaxing being carried out between the two stages. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil having a viscosity of approximately 15cSt at 40 oC. It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocabons.] | 276-737-9 | 72623-86-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-483-00-5 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C20-50, hydrotreated neutral oil-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating light vacuum gas oil, heavy vacuum gas oil and solvent deasphalted residual oil with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst in a two stage process with dewaxing being carried out between the two stages. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of approximately 32cSt at 40 oC. It contains a relatively large proportion of saturated hydrocarbons.] | 276-738-4 | 72623-87-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-484-00-0 | Lubricating oils; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from solvent extraction and dewaxing processes. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers in the range C15 through C50.] | 278-012-2 | 74869-22-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-485-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), complex dewaxed heavy paraffinci; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by dewaxing heavy paraffinic distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of equal to or greater than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 292-613-7 | 90640-91-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 4 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-486-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), complex dewaxed light paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by dewaxing light paraffinic distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C12 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of less than 100 SUS at 100 oF (19cSt at 40 oC). It contains relatively few normal paraffins.] | 292-614-2 | 90640-92-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-487-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent dewaxed heavy paraffinic, clay-treated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating dewaxed heavy paraffinic distillate with neutral or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 292-616-3 | 90640-94-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-488-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C20-50, solvent dewaxed heavy paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating dewaxed heavy paraffinic distillate with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 292-617-9 | 90640-95-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-489-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent dewaxed light paraffinic, clay-treated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of dewaxed light paraffinic distillate with natural or modified clay in either a contacting or percolation process. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30.] | 292-618-4 | 90640-96-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-490-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent dewaxed light paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating a dewaxed light paraffinic distillate with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30.] | 292-620-5 | 90640-97-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-491-00-9 | Residual oils (petroleum), hydrotreated solvent dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 292-656-1 | 90669-74-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-492-00-4 | Residual oils (petroleum), catalytic dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 294-843-3 | 91770-57-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-493-00-X | Distillates (petroleum), dewaxed heavy paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from an intensive treatment of dewaxed distillate by hydrogenation in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C25 through C39 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of approximately 44 cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-300-3 | 91995-39-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-494-00-5 | Distillates (petroleum), dewaxed light paraffinic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from an intensive treatment of dewaxed distillate by hydrogenation in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of saturated hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C21 through C29 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of approximately 13 cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-301-9 | 91995-40-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-495-00-0 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrocracked solvent-refined, dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of liquid hydrocarbons obtained by recrystallization of dewaxed hydrocracked solvent-refined petroleum distillates.] | 295-306-6 | 91995-45-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-496-00-6 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined light naphthenic, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a petroleum fraction with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst and removing the aromatic hydrocarbons by solvent extraction. It consists predominantly of naphthenic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of between 13-15cSt at 40 oC.] | 295-316-0 | 91995-54-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-497-00-1 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C17-35, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified | 295-423-2 | 92045-42-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-498-00-7 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), hydrocracked nonarom. solvent-deparaffined; Baseoil — unspecified | 295-424-8 | 92045-43-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-499-00-2 | Residual oils (petroleum), hydrocracked acid-treated solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by solvent removal of paraffins from the residue of the distillation of acid-treated, hydrocracked heavy paraffins and boiling approximately above 380 oC (716 oF).] | 295-499-7 | 92061-86-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-500-00-6 | Paraffin oils (petroleum), solvent-refined dewaxed heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from sulfur-containing paraffinic crude oil. It consists predominantly of a solvent refined deparaffinated lubricating oil with a viscosity of 65cSt at 50 oC.] | 295-810-6 | 92129-09-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-501-00-1 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), base oils, paraffinic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by refining of crude oil. It consists predominantly of aromatics, naphthenics and paraffinics and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of 120 SUS at 100 oF (23cSt at 40 oC).] | 297-474-6 | 93572-43-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-502-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, hydrocracked paraffinic distn. residues, solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 297-857-8 | 93763-38-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-503-00-2 | Hydrocarbons, C20-50, residual oil hydrogenation vacuum distillate; Baseoil — unspecified | 300-257-1 | 93924-61-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-504-00-8 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrotreated heavy, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-588-5 | 94733-08-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-505-00-3 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrocracked light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent dearomatization of the residue of hydrocracked petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 450 oC (698 oF to 842 oF).] | 305-589-0 | 94733-09-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-506-00-9 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C18-40, solvent-dewaxed hydrocracked distillate-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent deparaffination of the distillation residue from hydrocracked petroleum. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 550 oC (698 oF to 1022 oF).] | 305-594-8 | 94733-15-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-507-00-4 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C18-40, solvent-dewaxed hydrogenated raffinate-based; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent deparaffination of the hydrogenated raffinate obtained by solvent extraction of a hydrotreated petroleum distillate. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 550 oC (698 oF to 1022 oF).] | 305-595-3 | 94733-16-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-508-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C13-30, arom.-rich, solvent-extd. naphthenic distillate; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-971-7 | 95371-04-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-509-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C16-32, arom. rich, solvent-extd. naphthenic distillate; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-972-2 | 95371-05-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-510-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C37-68, dewaxed deasphalted hydrotreated vacuum distn. residues; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-974-3 | 95371-07-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-511-00-6 | Hydrocarbons, C37-65, hydrotreated deasphalted vacuum distn. residues; Baseoil — unspecified | 305-975-9 | 95371-08-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-512-00-1 | Distillates (petroleum), hydrocracked solvent-refined light; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the solvent treatment of a distillate from hydrocracked petroleum distillates. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C18 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 370 oC to 450 oC (698 oF to 842 oF.] | 307-010-7 | 97488-73-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-513-00-7 | Distillates (petroleum), solvent-refined hydrogenated heavy; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, obtained by the treatment of a hydrogenated petroleum distillate with a solvent. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C19 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 390 oC to 550 oC (734 oF to 1022 oF).] | 307-011-2 | 97488-74-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-514-00-2 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C18-27, hydrocracked solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified | 307-034-8 | 97488-95-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-515-00-8 | Hydrocarbons, C17-30, hydrotreated solvent-deasphalted atm. distn. residue, distn. lights; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the treatment of a solvent deasphalted short residue with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C30 and boiling in the range of approximately 300 oC to 400 oC (572 oF to 752 oF). It produces a finished oil having a viscosity of 4cSt at approximately 100 oC (212 oF).] | 307-661-7 | 97675-87-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-516-00-3 | Hydrocarbons, C17-40, hydrotreated solvent-deasphalted distn. residue, vacuum distn. lights; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as first runnings from the vacuum distillation of effluents from the catalytic hydrotreatment of a solvent deasphalted short residue having a viscosity of 8cSt at approximately 100 oC (212 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C40 and boiling in the range of approximately 300 oC to 500 oC (592 oF to 932 oF).] | 307-755-8 | 97722-06-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-517-00-9 | Hydrocarbons, C13-27, solvent-extd. light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by extraction of the aromatics from a light naphthenic distillate having a viscosity of 9.5cSt at 40 oC (104 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C27 and boiling in the range of approximately 240 oC to 400 oC (464 oF to 752 oF.] | 307-758-4 | 97722-09-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-518-00-4 | Hydrocarbons, C14-29, solvent-extd. light naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by extraction of the aromatics from a light naphthenic distillate having a viscosity of 16cSt at 40 oC (104 oF). It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C14 through C29 and boiling in the range of approximately 250 oC to 425 oC (482 oF to 797 oF).] | 307-760-5 | 97722-10-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-519-00-X | Hydrocarbons, C27-42, dearomatized; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-131-8 | 97862-81-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-520-00-5 | Hydrocarbons, C17-30, hydrotreated distillates, distn. lights; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-132-3 | 97862-82-3 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-521-00-0 | Hydrocarbons, C27-45, naphthenic vacuum distn.; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-133-9 | 97862-83-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-522-00-6 | Hydrocarbons, C27-45, dearomatized; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-287-7 | 97926-68-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-523-00-1 | Hydrocarbons, C20-58, hydrotreated; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-289-8 | 97926-70-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-524-00-7 | Hydrocarbons, C27-42, naphthenic; Baseoil — unspecified | 308-290-3 | 97926-71-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-525-00-2 | Residual oils (petroleum), carbon-treated solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by the treatment of solvent-dewaxed petroleum residual oils with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities.] | 309-710-8 | 100684-37-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-526-00-8 | Residual oils (petroleum), clay-treated solvent-dewaxed; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treatment of solvent-dewaxed petroleum residual oils with bleaching earth for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities.] | 309-711-3 | 100684-38-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-527-00-3 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C >25, solvent-extd., deasphalted, dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of vacuum distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly greater than C25 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 32cSt to 37cSt at 100 oC (212 oF).] | 309-874-0 | 101316-69-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-528-00-9 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C17-32, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of atmospheric distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C32 and produced a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 17cSt to 23cSt at 40 oC (104 oF.] | 309-875-6 | 101316-70-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-529-00-4 | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C20-35, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of atmospheric distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C35 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 37cSt to 44cSt at 40 oC (104 oF).] | 309-876-1 | 101316-71-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-530-00-X | Lubricating oils (petroleum), C24-50, solvent-extd., dewaxed, hydrogenated; Baseoil — unspecified; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction and hydrogenation of atmospheric distillation residues. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C24 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity in the order of 16cSt to 75cSt at 40 oC (104 oF).] | 309-877-7 | 101316-72-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-531-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent, arom. conc.; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [An aromatic concentrate produced by adding water to heavy naphthenic distillate solvent extract and extraction solvent.] | 272-175-3 | 68783-00-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-532-00-0 | Extracts (petroleum), solvent-refined heavy paraffinic distillate solvent; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from the re-extraction of solvent-refined heavy paraffinic distillate. It consists of saturated and aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 272-180-0 | 68783-04-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-533-00-6 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillates, solvent-deasphalted; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from a solvent extraction of heavy paraffinic distillate.] | 272-342-0 | 68814-89-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-534-00-1 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating a heavy naphthenic distillate solvent extract with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50 and produces a finished oil of at least 19cSt at 40 oC (100 SUS at 100 oF).] | 292-631-5 | 90641-07-9 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-535-00-7 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating a heavy paraffinic distillate solvent extract with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C21 through C33 and boiling in the range of approximately 350 oC to 480 oC (662 oF to 896 oF). | 292-632-0 | 90641-08-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-536-00-2 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons produced by treating a light paraffinic distillate solvent extract with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C17 through C26 and boiling in the range of approximately 280 oC to 400 oC (536 oF to 752 oF).] | 292-633-6 | 90641-09-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-537-00-8 | Extracts (petroleum), hydrotreated light paraffinic distillate solvent; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the extract from solvent extraction of intermediate paraffinic top solvent distillate that is treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C36.] | 295-335-4 | 91995-73-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-538-00-3 | Extracts (petroleum), light naphthenic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by treating the extract, obtained from a solvent extraction process, with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst under conditions primarily to remove sulfur compounds. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C30. This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more of 4- to 6-membered condensed ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 295-338-0 | 91995-75-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-539-00-9 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, acid-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a fraction of the distillation of an extract from the solvent extraction of light paraffinic top petroleum distillates that is subjected to a sulfuric acid refining. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C32.] | 295-339-6 | 91995-76-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-540-00-4 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction of a light paraffin distillate and treated with hydrogen to convert the organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is eliminated. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C40 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of greater than 10cSt at 40 oC.] | 295-340-1 | 91995-77-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-541-00-X | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum gas oil solvent, hydrotreated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons, obtained by solvent extraction from light vacuum petroleum gas oils and treated with hydrogen in the presence of a catalyst. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C30.] | 295-342-2 | 91995-79-8 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-542-00-5 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy paraffinic distillate solvent, clay-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons resulting from treatment of a petroleum fraction with natural or modified clay in either a contact or percolation process to remove the trace amounts of polar compounds and impurities present. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50. This stream is likely to contain 5 wt.% or more 4-6 membered ring aromatic hydrocarbons.] | 296-437-1 | 92704-08-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-543-00-0 | Extracts (petroleum), heavy naphthenic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of greater than 19cSt at 40 oC.] | 297-827-4 | 93763-10-1 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-544-00-6 | Extracts (petroleum), solvent-dewaxed heavy paraffinic distillate solvent, hydrodesulfurized; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained from a solvent dewaxed petroleum stock by treating with hydrogen to convert organic sulfur to hydrogen sulfide which is removed. It consists predominantly of hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C15 through C50 and produces a finished oil with a viscosity of greater than 19cSt at 40 oC.] | 297-829-5 | 93763-11-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-545-00-1 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, carbon-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a fraction from distillation of an extract recovered by solvent extraction of light paraffinic top petroleum distillate treated with activated charcoal to remove traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C32.] | 309-672-2 | 100684-02-4 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-546-00-7 | Extracts (petroleum), light paraffinic distillate solvent, clay-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as a fraction from distillation of an extract recovered by solvent extraction of light paraffinic top petroleum distillates treated with bleaching earth to remove traces of polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C16 through C32.] | 309-673-8 | 100684-03-5 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-547-00-2 | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum, gas oil solvent, carbon-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction of light vacuum petroleum gas oil treated with activated charcoal for the removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C30.] | 309-674-3 | 100684-04-6 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-548-00-8 | Extracts (petroleum), light vacuum gas oil solvent, clay-treated; Distillate aromatic extract (treated); [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained by solvent extraction of light vacuum petroleum gas oils treated with bleaching earth for removal of trace polar constituents and impurities. It consists predominantly of aromatic hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C13 through C30.] | 309-675-9 | 100684-05-7 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-549-00-3 | Foots oil (petroleum); Foots oil; [A complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained as the oil fraction from a solvent deoiling or a wax sweating process. It consists predominantly of branched chain hydrocarbons having carbon numbers predominantly in the range of C20 through C50.] | 265-171-8 | 64742-67-2 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
649-550-00-9 | Foots oil (petroleum), hydrotreated; Foots oil | 295-394-6 | 92045-12-0 | Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | H L |
650-002-00-6 | turpentine, oil | 232-350-7 | 8006-64-2 | R10 Xn; R20/21/22-65 Xi; R36/38 R43 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 10-20/21/22-36/38-43-51/53-65 S: (2-)36/37-46-61-62 | | |
650-003-00-1 | fenson (ISO); 4-chlorophenyl benzenesulphonate; | 201-274-6 | 80-38-6 | Xn; R22 Xi; R36 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-36-51/53 S: (2-)24-26-61 | | |
650-004-00-7 | norbormide (ISO); 5-(α-hydroxy-α-2-pyridylbenzyl)-7-(α-2-pyridylbenzylidene)bicyclo [2.2.1] hept-5-ene-2,3-dicarboximide | 213-589-6 | 991-42-4 | Xn; R22 | Xn R: 22 S: (2-) | | |
650-005-00-2 | (2R,6aS,12aS)-1,2,6,6a,12,12a-hexahydro-2-isopropenyl-8,9-dimethoxychromeno[3,4-b]furo[2,3-h]chromen-6-one, rotenone | 201-501-9 | 83-79-4 | T; R25 Xi; R36/37/38 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-36/37/38-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-24/25-36-45-60-61 | | |
650-006-00-8 | benquinox (ISO); p-benzoquinone 1-benzoylhydrazone 4-oxime | 207-807-9 | 495-73-8 | T; R25 Xn; R21 | T R: 21-25 S: (1/2-)36/37-45 | | |
650-007-00-3 | chlordimeform (ISO); N2-(4-chloro-o-tolyl)-N1,N1-dimethylformamidine | 228-200-5 | 6164-98-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R21/22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 21/22-40-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
650-008-00-9 | drazoxolon (ISO); 4-(2-chlorophenylhydrazone)-3-methyl-5-isoxazolone | 227-197-8 | 5707-69-7 | T; R25 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 25-50/53 S: (1/2-)22-24-36/37-45-60-61 | | |
650-009-00-4 | chlordimeform hydrochloride; N'-(4-chloro-o-tolyl)-N,N-dimethylformamidine monohydrochloride; N2-(4-chloro-o-tolyl)-N1,N1-dimethylformamidine hydorchloride | 243-269-1 | 19750-95-9 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-40-50/53 S: (2-)22-36/37-60-61 | | |
650-010-00-X | benzyl violet 4B; α-[4-(4-dimethylamino-α-{4-[ethyl(3-sodiosulphonatobenzyl)amino] phenyl}benzylidene)cyclohexa-2,5-dienylidene(ethyl)ammonio]toluene-3-sulphonate | 216-901-9 | 1694-09-3 | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | Xn R: 40 S: (2-)36/37 | | |
650-012-00-0 | erionite | — | 12510-42-8 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | T R: 45 S: 53-45 | | |
650-013-00-6 | asbestos | — — — — — — — | 12001-28-4 132207-32-0 12172-73-5 77536-66-4 77536-68-6 77536-67-5 12001-29-5 | Carc. Cat. 1; R45 T; R48/23 | T R: 45-48/23 S: 53-45 | | E |
650-014-00-1 | diethyl 2,4-dihydroxycyclodisiloxane-2,4-diylbis(trimethylene)diphosphonate, tetrasodium salt, reaction products with disodium metasilicate | 401-770-4 | — | C; R34 Xn; R22 | C R: 22-34 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45 | | |
650-015-00-7 | rosin; colophony | 232-475-7 232-484-6 277-299-1 | 8050-09-7 8052-10-6 73138-82-6 | R43 | Xi R: 43 S: (2-)24-37 | | |
650-016-00-2 | Mineral wool, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex; [Man-made vitreous (silicate) fibres with random orientation with alkaline oxide and alkali earth oxide (Na2O+K2O+CaO+MgO+BaO) content greater than 18 % by weight] | — | — | Carc. Cat. 3; R40 Xi; R38 | Xn R: 38-40 S: (2-)36/37 | | AQR |
650-017-00-8 | Refractory Ceramic Fibres; Special Purpose Fibres, with the exception of those specified elsewhere in this Annex; [Man-made vitreous (silicate) fibres with random orientation with alkaline oxide and alkali earth oxide (Na2O+K2O+CaO+ MgO+BaO) content less or equal to 18 % by weight] | — | — | Carc. Cat. 2; R49 Xi; R38 | T R: 49-38 S: 53-45 | | A R |
650-018-00-3 | reaction product of: acetophenone, formaldehyde, cyclohexylamine, methanol and acetic acid | 406-230-1 | — | R10 Carc. Cat. 3; R40 C; R34 Xn; R20 R43 N; R50-53 | C; N R: 10-20-34-40-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)26-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
650-031-00-4 | bis(4-hydroxy-N-methylanilinium) sulphate | 200-237-1 | 55-55-0 | Xn; R22-48/22 R43 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-43-48/22-50/53 S: (2-)36/37-46-60-61 | | |
650-032-00-X | cyproconazole (ISO); (2RS,3RS;2RS,3SR)-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-cyclopropyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butan-2-ol | — | 94361-06-5 | Repr. Cat. 3; R63 Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53-63 S: (2-)36/37-60-61 | | |
650-033-00-5 | (S)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl-(S)-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-methylbutyrate; esfenvalerate | — | 66230-04-4 | T; R23/25 R43 N; R50-53 | T; N R: 23/25-43-50/53 S: (1/2-)24-36/37/39-45-60-61 | | |
650-041-00-9 | triasulfuron (ISO); 1-[2-(2-chloroethoxy)phenylsulfonyl]-3-(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)urea | — | 82097-50-5 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
650-042-00-4 | reaction product of: polyethylene-polyamine-(C16-C18)-alkylamides with monothio-(C2)-alkyl phosphonates | 417-450-2 | — | Xi; R36/38 R43 R52-53 | Xi R: 36/38-43-52/53 S: (2-)24-26-37-61 | | |
650-043-00-X | reaction product of: 3,5-bis-tert-butylsalicylic acid and aluminiumsulfate | 420-310-3 | — | Xn; R22 N; R50-53 | Xn; N R: 22-50/53 S: (2-)22-56-60-61 | | |
650-044-00-5 | mixed linear and branched C14-15 alcohols ethoxylated, reaction product with epichlorohydrin | 420-480-9 | 158570-99-1 | Xi; R38 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-37-60-61 | | |
650-045-00-0 | reaction product of: 1,2,3-propanetricarboxylic acid, 2-hydroxy, diethyl ester, 1-propanol and zirconium tetra-n-propanolate | 417-110-3 | — | F; R11 Xi; R38-41 N; R51-53 | F; Xi; N R: 11-38-41-51/53 S: (2-)9-16-26-37/39-61 | | |
650-046-00-6 | di(tetramethylammonium)(29H,31H-phthalocyanin-N29,N30,N31,N32)disulfonamide disulfonate, cuprate(2-)complex, derivates | 416-180-2 | 12222-04-7 | Xn; R22-48/22 N; R51-53 | Xn; N R: 22-48/22-51/53 S: (2-)22-36-61 | | |
650-047-00-1 | dibenzylphenylsulfonium hexafluoroantimonate | 417-760-8 | 134164-24-2 | T; R48/25 Xn; R22 Xi; R41 R43 N; R51-53 | T; N R: 22-41-43-48/25-51/53 S: (1/2-)22-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
650-048-00-7 | reaction product of: borax, hydrogen peroxide, acetic acid anhydride and acetic acid | 420-070-1 | — | O; R7 Xn; R20/21/22 C; R35 N; R50 | O; C; N R: 7-20/21/22-35-50 S: (1/2-)3/7-14-26-36/37/39-45-61 | | |
650-049-00-2 | 2-alkoyloxyethyl hydrogen maleate, where alkoyl represents (by weight) 70 to 85 % unsaturated octadecoyl, 0.5 to 10 % saturated octadecoyl, and 2 to 18 % saturated hexadecoyl | 417-960-5 | — | Xi; R38-41 R43 N; R50-53 | Xi; N R: 38-41-43-50/53 S: (2-)24-26-37/39-60-61 | | |
650-050-00-8 | reaction mass of: 1-methyl-3-hydroxypropyl 3,5-[1,1-dimethylethyl]-4-hydroxydihydro-cinnamate and/or 3-hydroxybutyl 3,5-[1,1-dimethylethyl]-4-hydroxydihydrocinnamate; 1,3-butanediol bis[3-(3'-(1,1-dimethylethyl)4'-hydroxy-phenyl)propionate] isomers; 1,3-butanediol bis[3-(3',5'-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4'-hydroxyphenyl)propionate] isomers | 423-600-8 | — | N; R51-53 | N R: 51/53 S: 61 | | |
650-055-00-5 | silver sodium zirconium hydrogenphosphate | 422-570-3 | 155925-27-2 | N; R50-53 | N R: 50/53 S: 60-61 | | |
[1] OJ C 146A, 15.6.1990.
[**] see Note U in 1.1.3.
--------------------------------------------------
ANNEX VII
Translation table from classification under Directive 67/548/EEC to classification under this Regulation
This Annex includes a table to assist translation of a classification made for a substance or a mixture under Directive 67/548/EEC or Directive 1999/45/EC, respectively, into the corresponding classification under this Regulation. Whenever data for the substance or mixture are available, an evaluation and classification shall be done in accordance with Articles 9 to13 of this Regulation.
1. Translation table
The codes used are introduced in Table 1.1 and section 1.1.2.2 of Annex VI.
Table 1.1
Translation between classification in accordance with Directive 67/548/EEC and this Regulation
Note 1
For these classes it is possible to use the recommended minimum classification as defined in section 1.2.1.1 in Annex VI. Data or other information may be available to indicate that re-classification in a more severe category is appropriate.
Note 2
It is recommended to classify in Category 1B even if it also could be possible that 1C could be applicable for certain cases. Going back to original data, may not result in a possibility to distinguish between Category 1B or 1C, since the exposure period has normally been up to 4 hours according to Regulation (EC) No 440/2008. However, for the future, when data are derived from tests following a sequential approach as foreseen in the Regulation (EC) No 440/2008, Category 1C should be considered.
Note 3
The route of exposure could be added to the hazard statement if it is conclusively proven that no other routes of exposure cause the hazard.
Note 4
Hazard statements H360 and H361 indicate a general concern for both the reproductive properties related to fertility and developmental effects; "May damage/Suspected of damaging fertility or the unborn child". According to the classification criteria (Annex I, section 3.7) the general hazard statement can be replaced by the hazard statement indicating only the property of concern, in case either fertility or developmental effects are proven to be not relevant.
Classification under Directive 67/548/EEC | Physical state of the substance when relevant | Classification under this Regulation | Note |
Hazard Class-and-Category | Hazard statement |
E; R2 | | No direct translation possible. |
E; R3 | | No direct translation possible. |
O; R7 | | Org. Perox. CD | H242 | |
Org. Perox. EF | H242 | |
O; R8 | gas | Ox. Gas 1 | H270 | |
O; R8 | liquid, solid | No direct translation possible. |
O; R9 | liquid | Ox. Liq. 1 | H271 | |
O; R9 | solid | Ox. Sol. 1 | H271 | |
R10 | liquid | No direct translation possible. Correct translation of R10, liquid is: Flam. Liq. 1, H224 if flashpoint 35 oCFlam. Liq. 3, H226 if flashpoint ≥ 23 oC |
F; R11 | liquid | No direct translation possible. Correct translation of F; R11, liquid is: Flam. Liq. 1, H224 if initial boiling point ≤ 35 oCFlam. Liq. 2, H225 if initial boiling point > 35 oC |
F; R11 | solid | No direct translation possible. |
F+; R12 | gas | No direct translation possible. Correct translation of F+; R12, gaseous results either in Flam. Gas 1, H220 or Flam. Gas 2, H221. |
F+; R12 | liquid | Flam. Liq. 1 | H224 | |
F+; R12 | liquid | Self-react. CD | H242 | |
Self-react. EF | H242 |
Self-react. G | none |
F; R15 | | No translation possible. |
F; R17 | liquid | Pyr. Liq. 1 | H250 | |
F; R17 | solid | Pyr. Sol. 1 | H250 | |
Xn; R20 | gas | Acute Tox. 4 | H332 | (1) |
Xn; R20 | vapours | Acute Tox. 4 | H332 | (1) |
Xn; R20 | dust/mist | Acute Tox. 4 | H332 | |
Xn; R21 | | Acute Tox. 4 | H312 | (1) |
Xn; R22 | | Acute Tox. 4 | H302 | (1) |
T; R23 | gas | Acute Tox. 3 | H331 | (1) |
T; R23 | vapour | Acute Tox. 2 | H330 | |
T; R23 | dust/mist | Acute Tox. 3 | H331 | (1) |
T; R24 | | Acute Tox. 3 | H311 | (1) |
T; R25 | | Acute Tox. 3 | H301 | (1) |
T+; R26 | gas | Acute Tox. 2 | H330 | (1) |
T+; R26 | vapour | Acute Tox. 1 | H330 | |
T+; R26 | dust/mist | Acute Tox. 2 | H330 | (1) |
T+; R27 | | Acute Tox. 1 | H310 | |
T+; R28 | | Acute Tox. 2 | H300 | (1) |
R33 | | STOT RE 2 | H373 | (3) |
C; R34 | | Skin Corr. 1B | H314 | (2) |
C; R35 | | Skin Corr. 1A | H314 | |
Xi; R36 | | Eye Irrit. 2 | H319 | |
Xi; R37 | | STOT SE 3 | H335 | |
Xi; R38 | | Skin Irrit. 2 | H315 | |
T; R39/23 | | STOT SE 1 | H370 | (3) |
T; R39/24 | | STOT SE 1 | H370 | (3) |
T; R39/25 | | STOT SE 1 | H370 | (3) |
T+; R39/26 | | STOT SE 1 | H370 | (3) |
T+; R39/27 | | STOT SE 1 | H370 | (3) |
T+; R39/28 | | STOT SE 1 | H370 | (3) |
Xi; R41 | | Eye Dam. 1 | H318 | |
R42 | | Resp. Sens. 1 | H334 | |
R43 | | Skin Sens. 1 | H317 | |
Xn; R48/20 | | STOT RE 2 | H373 | (3) |
Xn; R48/21 | | STOT RE 2 | H373 | (3) |
Xn; R48/22 | | STOT RE 2 | H373 | (3) |
T; R48/23 | | STOT RE 1 | H372 | (3) |
T; R48/24 | | STOT RE 1 | H372 | (3) |
T; R48/25 | | STOT RE 1 | H372 | (3) |
R64 | | Lact. | H362 | |
Xn; R65 | | Asp. Tox. 1 | H304 | |
R67 | | STOT SE 3 | H336 | |
Xn; R68/20 | | STOT SE 2 | H371 | (3) |
Xn; R68/21 | | STOT SE 2 | H371 | (3) |
Xn; R68/22 | | STOT SE 2 | H371 | (3) |
Carc. Cat. 1; R45 | | Carc. 1A | H350 | |
Carc. Cat. 2; R45 | | Carc. 1B | H350 | |
Carc. Cat. 1; R49 | | Carc. 1A | H350i | |
Carc. Cat. 2; R49 | | Carc. 1B | H350i | |
Carc. Cat. 3; R40 | | Carc. 2 | H351 | |
Muta. Cat. 2; R46 | | Muta. 1B | H340 | |
Muta. Cat. 3; R68 | | Muta. 2 | H341 | |
Repr. Cat. 1; R60 | | Repr. 1A | H360F | (4) |
Repr. Cat. 2; R60 | | Repr. 1B | H360F | (4) |
Repr. Cat. 1; R61 | | Repr. 1A | H360D | (4) |
Repr. Cat. 2; R61 | | Repr. 1B | H360D | (4) |
Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | | Repr. 2 | H361f | (4) |
Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | | Repr. 2 | H361d | (4) |
Repr. Cat. 1; R60-61 | | Repr. 1A | H360FD | |
Repr. Cat. 1; R60 Repr. Cat. 2; R61 | | Repr. 1A | H360FD | |
Repr. Cat. 2; R60 Repr. Cat. 1; R61 | | Repr. 1A | H360FD | |
Repr. Cat. 2; R60-61 | | Repr. 1B | H360FD | |
Repr. Cat. 3; R62-63 | | Repr. 2 | H361fd | |
Repr. Cat. 1; R60 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | | Repr. 1A | H360Fd | |
Repr. Cat. 2; R60 Repr. Cat. 3; R63 | | Repr. 1B | H360Fd | |
Repr. Cat. 1; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | | Repr. 1A | H360Df | |
Repr. Cat. 2; R61 Repr. Cat. 3; R62 | | Repr. 1B | H360Df | |
N; R50 | | Aquatic. Acute 1 | H400 | |
N; R50-53 | | Aquatic Acute 1 Aquatic Chronic 1 | H400 H410 | |
N; R51-53 | | Aquatic Chronic 2 | H411 | |
R52-53 | | Aquatic Chronic 3 | H412 | |
R53 | | Aquatic Chronic 4 | H413 | |
N; R59 | | Ozone | EUH059 | |
Table 1.2
Translation between risk phrases assigned under Directive 67/548/EEC and supplementary labelling requirements under this Regulation
Directive 67/548/EEC | This Regulation |
R1 | EUH001 |
R6 | EUH006 |
R14 | EUH014 |
R18 | EUH018 |
R19 | EUH019 |
R44 | EUH044 |
R29 | EUH029 |
R31 | EUH031 |
R32 | EUH032 |
R66 | EUH066 |
R39-41 | EUH070 |
--------------------------------------------------